#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 28.05 13:49 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 50627 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                                     # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.additionalpipes.dog_deaggravator.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dog Deaggravator
fe.protection.craft.advanced_machines.sharp_plate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sharpened Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.advanced_solar_panels.advancedsolarhelmet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.advanced_solar_panels.crafting.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sunnarium
fe.protection.craft.advanced_solar_panels.hybridsolarhelmet.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.advanced_solar_panels.ultimatesolarhelmet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ultimate Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ae2stuff.visualiser.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.craft.ae2stuff.wireless_kit.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.craft.akashictome.tome.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Akashic Tome
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.biometric_card.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biometric Card
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_axe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_cutting_knife.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_hoe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_spade.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_sword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_wrench.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.charged_staff.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Staff
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.color_applicator.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.creative_storage_cell.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.crystal_seed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.dummy_fluid_item.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Water
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.encoded_pattern.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.entropy_manipulator.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.facade.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cable Facade
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_16k.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT §a16k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_1k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §61k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_4k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §e4k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_64k.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT §b64k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.material.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.matter_cannon.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Matter Cannon
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.memory_card.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Memory Card
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_axe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_cutting_knife.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_hoe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_spade.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_sword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_wrench.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.network_tool.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Network Tool
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.paint_ball.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.part.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.portable_cell.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_128_cubed.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT §d128³§r  Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_16_cubed.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT §916³§r Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_2_cubed.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT §62³§r Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_16k.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §a16k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_1k.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §61k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_4k.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §e4k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_64k.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §b64k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.view_cell.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT View Cell
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.wireless_crafting_terminal.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.wireless_pattern_terminal.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Pattern Terminal
fe.protection.craft.appliedenergistics2.wireless_terminal.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.craft.aroma1997sdimension.dimensionchanger.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT DimensionChanger
fe.protection.craft.aroma1997sdimension.miningmultitool.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Multitool
fe.protection.craft.backpack.backpack.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Small Backpack
fe.protection.craft.backpack.backpack_frame.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Frame
fe.protection.craft.backpack.backpack_piece.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Top Backpack Piece
fe.protection.craft.backpack.bound_leather.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Leather
fe.protection.craft.backpack.stick.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Stick
fe.protection.craft.backpack.tanned_leather.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tanned Leather
fe.protection.craft.baubles.ring.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Ring
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas Plate
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Chase
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Clipboard
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lock and Key
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Screw Gun
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Reading Glasses
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Big Writing Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.compass.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Eternal Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Board
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Saw
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Sheet
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Drill
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.maptool.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Drafting Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Painting Canvas
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Plumb line
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.printplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Plate
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Slotted Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.tape.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.dustblutonium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blutonium Dust
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.dustcyanite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cyanite Dust
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.dustgraphite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Graphite Dust
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.dustludicrite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ludicrite Dust
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.duststeel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Dust
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.dustyellorium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.ingotblutonium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blutonium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.ingotcyanite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cyanite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.ingotgraphite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Graphite Bar
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.ingotludicrite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ludicrite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.ingotsteel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.ingotyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.mineralanglesite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Anglesite (PbSO4)
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.mineralbenitoite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Benitoite (BaTiSi3O9)
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.reactorcasingcores.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Casing Core (Legacy)
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.turbinehousingcores.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Housing Core (Legacy)
fe.protection.craft.bigreactors.wrench.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Extreme Wrench
fe.protection.craft.binniecore.cylinder.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Cylinder
fe.protection.craft.binniecore.field_kit.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Field Kit
fe.protection.craft.binniecore.genesis.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Genesis
fe.protection.craft.binniecore.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Bottle
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.ash.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pile of Ashes
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.berries.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Berry
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.biome_essence.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Essence
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.biome_finder.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Finder
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.black_dye.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Black Dye
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.blue_dye.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Dye
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_cherry.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_ebony.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ebony Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_ethereal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ethereal Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_eucalyptus.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Eucalyptus Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_fir.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fir Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_hellbark.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hellbark Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_jacaranda.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Jacaranda Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_magic.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_mahogany.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mahogany Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_mangrove.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mangrove Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_palm.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Palm Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_pine.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pine Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_redwood.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redwood Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_sacred_oak.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_umbran.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Umbran Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_willow.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Willow Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.brown_dye.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Dye
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.cherry_door.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.crystal_shard.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Crystal Shard
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.earth.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Earth
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.ebony_door.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ebony Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ethereal Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.filled_honeycomb.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Filled Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.fir_door.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fir Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.fleshchunk.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chunk of Flesh
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.gem.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.green_dye.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Green Dye
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hellbark Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.honeycomb.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Jacaranda Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.jar_empty.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Jar
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.jar_filled.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Jar
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.magic_door.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mahogany Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mangrove Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Brick
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mudball.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Ball
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.palm_door.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Palm Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.peach.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peach
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.pear.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pear
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.persimmon.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.pine_door.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pine Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.record_wanderer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.redwood_door.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redwood Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.ricebowl.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl of Rice
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.shroompowder.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shroom Powder
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.terrestrial_artifact.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Terrestrial Artifact
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.umbran_door.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Umbran Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.white_dye.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT White Dye
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.willow_door.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Willow Door
fe.protection.craft.blockcraftery.editable_door.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Framed Door
fe.protection.craft.blockcraftery.editable_door_reinforced.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Framed Door
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.activation_crystal.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.alchemic_vial.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.bloodmagic.alchemic_vial.base.name
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.altar_maker.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Altar Maker
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.arcane_ashes.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Ashes
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.base_fluid_filter.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Filter
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.base_item_filter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Precise Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.blood_orb.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.bloodmagic.orb.name
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.blood_shard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.bound_axe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Axe
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.bound_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.bound_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Shovel
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.bound_sword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bound Blade
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.component.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Water Reagent
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.cutting_fluid.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Cutting Fluid
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.dagger_of_sacrifice.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.demon_will_gauge.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Demon Will Aura Gauge
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.experience_tome.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tome of Peritia
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.icarus_scroll.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Scroll of Icarus
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.inscription_tool.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.bloodmagic.scribe.blank.name
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.item_demon_crystal.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Demon Will Crystal
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.lava_crystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Crystal
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.living_armour_boots.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Living Boots
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.living_armour_chest.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Living Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.living_armour_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Living Helmet
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.living_armour_leggings.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Living Leggings
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.monster_soul.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Will
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.node_router.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Node Router
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.pack_sacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Coat of Arms
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.pack_self_sacrifice.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.points_upgrade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Draft of Angelus
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.potion_flask.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Potion Flask
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.ritual_dismantler.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.ritual_diviner.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.ritual_reader.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ritual Tinkerer
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sacrificial_dagger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sacrificial Dagger
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sanguine_book.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Inspectoris Scandalum
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_boots.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sentient Boots
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_chest.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sentient Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_gem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sentient Armour Gem
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sentient Helmet
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_leggings.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sentient Leggings
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sentient_axe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sentient Axe
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sentient_bow.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sentient Bow
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sentient_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sentient Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sentient_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sentient Shovel
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sentient_sword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sentient Sword
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_air.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Air Sigil
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_blood_light.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_bounce.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Elasticity
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_claw.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Claw
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_compression.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_divination.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Divination Sigil
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_elemental_affinity.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_ender_severance.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_fast_miner.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_frost.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Winter's Breath
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_green_grove.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_haste.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_holding.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_lava.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Sigil
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_magnetism.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_phantom_bridge.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_seer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Seer's Sigil
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_suppression.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of Suppression
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_teleposition.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Teleposition Sigil
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_transposition.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Transposition Sigil
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_void.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Void Sigil
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_water.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Water Sigil
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.sigil_whirlwind.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.slate.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Slate
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.soul_gem.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Petty Tartaric Gem
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.soul_snare.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rudimentary Snare
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.teleposition_focus.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.upgrade_tome.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Living Armour Upgrade Tome
fe.protection.craft.bloodmagic.upgrade_trainer.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Living Armour Training Bracelet
fe.protection.craft.botania.ancientwill.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Will of Ahrim
fe.protection.craft.botania.astrolabe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Worldshaper's Astrolabe
fe.protection.craft.botania.auraring.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Band of Aura
fe.protection.craft.botania.auraringgreater.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Band of Aura
fe.protection.craft.botania.autocraftinghalo.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Manufactory Halo
fe.protection.craft.botania.balancecloak.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cloak of Balance
fe.protection.craft.botania.baublebox.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bauble Case
fe.protection.craft.botania.blackholetalisman.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Hole Talisman
fe.protection.craft.botania.blacklotus.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Black Lotus
fe.protection.craft.botania.bloodpendant.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tainted Blood Pendant
fe.protection.craft.botania.brewflask.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flask of Fallback (§l6§r)
fe.protection.craft.botania.brewvial.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vial of Fallback (§l4§r)
fe.protection.craft.botania.cacophonium.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cacophonium
fe.protection.craft.botania.clip.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lens Clip
fe.protection.craft.botania.cloudpendant.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cirrus Amulet
fe.protection.craft.botania.cobblerod.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Depths
fe.protection.craft.botania.corporeaspark.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Corporea Spark
fe.protection.craft.botania.cosmetic.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bowtie
fe.protection.craft.botania.craftinghalo.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Assembly Halo
fe.protection.craft.botania.craftpattern.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Pattern #1: 1x1
fe.protection.craft.botania.crystalbow.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Bow
fe.protection.craft.botania.dice.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dice of Fate
fe.protection.craft.botania.dirtrod.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Lands
fe.protection.craft.botania.divacharm.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of the Diva
fe.protection.craft.botania.diviningrod.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Plentiful Mantle
fe.protection.craft.botania.dodgering.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Dexterous Motion
fe.protection.craft.botania.dye.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Floral White Powder
fe.protection.craft.botania.elementiumaxe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Axe
fe.protection.craft.botania.elementiumboots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Boots
fe.protection.craft.botania.elementiumchest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.botania.elementiumhelm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.botania.elementiumhelmreveal.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.botania.elementiumlegs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.botania.elementiumpick.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.botania.elementiumshears.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Shears
fe.protection.craft.botania.elementiumshovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.botania.elementiumsword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Sword
fe.protection.craft.botania.enderdagger.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Soulscribe
fe.protection.craft.botania.enderhand.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hand of Ender
fe.protection.craft.botania.exchangerod.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Shifting Crust
fe.protection.craft.botania.fertilizer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Floral Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.botania.firerod.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Hells
fe.protection.craft.botania.flighttiara.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Flügel Tiara
fe.protection.craft.botania.flowerbag.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pouch
fe.protection.craft.botania.flugeleye.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of the Flügel
fe.protection.craft.botania.gaiahead.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gaia Guardian's Head
fe.protection.craft.botania.glasspick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vitreous Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.botania.goddesscharm.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Benevolent Goddess' Charm
fe.protection.craft.botania.grasshorn.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Horn of the Wild
fe.protection.craft.botania.grassseeds.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pasture Seeds
fe.protection.craft.botania.gravityrod.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Shaded Mesa
fe.protection.craft.botania.holycloak.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cloak of Virtue
fe.protection.craft.botania.icependant.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Snowflake Pendant
fe.protection.craft.botania.incensestick.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Incense Stick
fe.protection.craft.botania.infinitefruit.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT The Fruit of Grisaia
fe.protection.craft.botania.invisibilitycloak.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Invisibility Cloak
fe.protection.craft.botania.itemfinder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT The Spectator
fe.protection.craft.botania.keepivy.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Resolute Ivy
fe.protection.craft.botania.kingkey.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Key of the King's Law
fe.protection.craft.botania.knockbackbelt.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tectonic Girdle
fe.protection.craft.botania.laputashard.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shard of Laputa
fe.protection.craft.botania.lavapendant.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pyroclast Pendant
fe.protection.craft.botania.lens.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Lens
fe.protection.craft.botania.lexicon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lexica Botania
fe.protection.craft.botania.livingwoodbow.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Livingwood Bow
fe.protection.craft.botania.lokiring.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Loki
fe.protection.craft.botania.magnetring.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.craft.botania.magnetringgreater.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.craft.botania.manabottle.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mana in a Bottle
fe.protection.craft.botania.manacookie.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biscuit of Totality
fe.protection.craft.botania.managun.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Blaster
fe.protection.craft.botania.manainkwell.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Botanurgist's Inkwell
fe.protection.craft.botania.manamirror.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Mirror
fe.protection.craft.botania.manaresource.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.botania.manaring.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Band of Mana
fe.protection.craft.botania.manaringgreater.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Greater Band of Mana
fe.protection.craft.botania.manasteelaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Axe
fe.protection.craft.botania.manasteelboots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Boots
fe.protection.craft.botania.manasteelchest.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.botania.manasteelhelm.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.botania.manasteelhelmreveal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.botania.manasteellegs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.botania.manasteelpick.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.botania.manasteelshears.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Shears
fe.protection.craft.botania.manasteelshovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.botania.manasteelsword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Sword
fe.protection.craft.botania.manatablet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mana Tablet
fe.protection.craft.botania.manaweaveboots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Manaweave Boots
fe.protection.craft.botania.manaweavechest.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Manaweave Robe Top
fe.protection.craft.botania.manaweavehelm.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Manaweave Cowl
fe.protection.craft.botania.manaweavelegs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Manaweave Robe Bottom
fe.protection.craft.botania.miningring.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of the Mantle
fe.protection.craft.botania.missilerod.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Unstable Reservoir
fe.protection.craft.botania.monocle.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Manaseer Monocle
fe.protection.craft.botania.obediencestick.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Floral Obedience Stick
fe.protection.craft.botania.odinring.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Odin
fe.protection.craft.botania.openbucket.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Extrapolated Bucket
fe.protection.craft.botania.overgrowthseed.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Overgrowth Seed
fe.protection.craft.botania.pestleandmortar.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pestle and Mortar
fe.protection.craft.botania.petal.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical White Petal
fe.protection.craft.botania.phantomink.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Phantom Ink
fe.protection.craft.botania.pinkinator.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT The Pinkinator
fe.protection.craft.botania.pixiering.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Great Fairy Ring
fe.protection.craft.botania.poolminecart.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Mana Pool
fe.protection.craft.botania.quartz.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.craft.botania.rainbowrod.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Bifrost
fe.protection.craft.botania.reachring.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Far Reach
fe.protection.craft.botania.recordgaia1.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.botania.recordgaia2.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.botania.rune.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rune of Water
fe.protection.craft.botania.sextant.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Worldshaper's Sextant
fe.protection.craft.botania.skydirtrod.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Highlands
fe.protection.craft.botania.slimebottle.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Slime in a Bottle
fe.protection.craft.botania.slingshot.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Livingwood Slingshot
fe.protection.craft.botania.smeltrod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Molten Core
fe.protection.craft.botania.spark.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spark
fe.protection.craft.botania.sparkupgrade.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spark Augment: Dispersive
fe.protection.craft.botania.spawnermover.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Life Aggregator
fe.protection.craft.botania.speedupbelt.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Planestrider's Sash
fe.protection.craft.botania.spellcloth.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.craft.botania.starsword.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Starcaller
fe.protection.craft.botania.supercloudpendant.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nimbus Amulet
fe.protection.craft.botania.superlavapendant.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Pendant
fe.protection.craft.botania.supertravelbelt.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Globetrotter's Sash
fe.protection.craft.botania.swapring.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Correction
fe.protection.craft.botania.temperancestone.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone of Temperance
fe.protection.craft.botania.terraaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Truncator
fe.protection.craft.botania.terraformrod.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Terra Firma
fe.protection.craft.botania.terrapick.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Shatterer
fe.protection.craft.botania.terrasteelboots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Boots
fe.protection.craft.botania.terrasteelchest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.botania.terrasteelhelm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.botania.terrasteelhelmreveal.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.botania.terrasteellegs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.botania.terrasword.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Blade
fe.protection.craft.botania.thirdeye.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Third Eye
fe.protection.craft.botania.thornchakram.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thorn Chakram
fe.protection.craft.botania.thorring.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Thor
fe.protection.craft.botania.thundersword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thundercaller
fe.protection.craft.botania.tinyplanet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Planet
fe.protection.craft.botania.tornadorod.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Skies
fe.protection.craft.botania.travelbelt.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Soujourner's Sash
fe.protection.craft.botania.twigwand.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wand of the Forest
fe.protection.craft.botania.unholycloak.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cloak of Sin
fe.protection.craft.botania.vial.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Managlass Vial
fe.protection.craft.botania.vineball.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vine Ball
fe.protection.craft.botania.virus.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Necrodermal Virus
fe.protection.craft.botania.waterbowl.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl of Water
fe.protection.craft.botania.waterring.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Chordata
fe.protection.craft.botania.waterrod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of the Seas
fe.protection.craft.botania.worldseed.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT World Seed
fe.protection.craft.botany.botanist_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Botanist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.botany.clay.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Aquamarine Clay
fe.protection.craft.botany.database.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Botanist Database
fe.protection.craft.botany.insulated_tube.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Clay Insulated Electron Tube
fe.protection.craft.botany.itemflower.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.craft.botany.misc.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ash Powder
fe.protection.craft.botany.misc_ceramic.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mortar
fe.protection.craft.botany.pigment.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Aquamarine Pigment
fe.protection.craft.botany.pollen.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.craft.botany.seed.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.craft.botany.soil_meter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soil Meter
fe.protection.craft.botany.trowel_diamond.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Trowel
fe.protection.craft.botany.trowel_gold.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Trowel
fe.protection.craft.botany.trowel_iron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Trowel
fe.protection.craft.botany.trowel_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Trowel
fe.protection.craft.botany.trowel_wood.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Trowel
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftbuilders.filler_planner.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.buildcraft.filler_planner.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftbuilders.schematic_single.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.schematicSingle.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftbuilders.snapshot.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.templateItem.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.fragile_fluid_shard.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.fragile_fluid_shard.name [ERROR! NULL FLUID!]
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.gear_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.diamondGearItem.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.gear_gold.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.goldGearItem.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.gear_iron.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.ironGearItem.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.gear_stone.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.stoneGearItem.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.gear_wood.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.woodenGearItem.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.list.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.list.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.map_location.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.mapLocation.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.marker_connector.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.markerConnector.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.paintbrush.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.paintbrush.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.volume_box.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.volume_box.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftcore.wrench.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.wrenchItem.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftenergy.glob_of_oil.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.globOil.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftfactory.gel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.gel.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftfactory.water_gel_spawn.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.waterGel.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftlib.debugger.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.debugger.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftlib.guide.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.buildcraft.guide.name§r
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftlib.guide_note.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.buildcraft.guide_note.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftsilicon.gate_copier.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.gateCopier.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftsilicon.plug_facade.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.Facade.name: Air
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftsilicon.plug_gate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT gate.name.basic
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftsilicon.plug_lens.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT §0§7Black§r item.Lens.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftsilicon.plug_light_sensor.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.light_sensor.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftsilicon.plug_pulsar.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.pulsar.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcraftsilicon.redstone_chipset.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.redstone_red_chipset.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcrafttransport.plug_blocker.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.PipePlug.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcrafttransport.plug_power_adaptor.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.PipePowerAdapter.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcrafttransport.waterproof.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.pipeWaterproof.name
fe.protection.craft.buildcrafttransport.wire.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT §z§0§fWhite§r item.pipeWire.name
fe.protection.craft.cfm.ceiling_fan_fans.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.ceiling_fan_fans.name
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_bread_slice.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bread Slice
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_cool_pack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cooling Pack
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_crayfish.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.item_crayfish.name
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_crow_bar.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crow Bar
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_cup.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cup
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_drink.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.item_drink.name
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_envelope.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Envelope
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_envelope_signed.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.item_envelope_signed.name
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flesh
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_flesh_cooked.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Flesh
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_hammer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_ink_cartridge.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Cartridge
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_kebab.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Kebab
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_kebab_cooked.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Kebab
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_knife.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Knife
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_log.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chopped Log
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_package.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Package
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_package_signed.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.item_package_signed.name
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_recipe_book.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_sausage.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_sausage_cooked.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Sausage
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_soap.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Soap
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_soap_water.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Soapy Water
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_spatula.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Spatula
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_super_soap_water.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Super Soapy Water
fe.protection.craft.cfm.item_toast.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Toast
fe.protection.craft.cfm.tv_remote.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT TV Remote
fe.protection.craft.charset.barrelcart.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel Cart
fe.protection.craft.charset.icon.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT a
fe.protection.craft.charset.pockettable.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pocket Crafting Table
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT iChisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_iron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.offsettool.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chiseled Bit Bag
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.bitsaw_diamond.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bit Saw
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chiseled Bit
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.mirrorprint.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mirror Chisel Design
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.negativeprint.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Negative Chisel Design
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.positiveprint.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Positive Chisel Design
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.tape_measure.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.wrench_wood.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Wrench
fe.protection.craft.comforts.hammock.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Hammock Cloth
fe.protection.craft.comforts.sleeping_bag.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT White Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.craft.compactsolars.solar_hat_high_voltage.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT High Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.craft.compactsolars.solar_hat_low_voltage.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Low Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.craft.compactsolars.solar_hat_medium_voltage.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.craft.computercraft.disk.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Floppy Disk
fe.protection.craft.computercraft.disk_expanded.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Floppy Disk
fe.protection.craft.computercraft.pocket_computer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pocket Computer
fe.protection.craft.computercraft.printout.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Printed Page
fe.protection.craft.computercraft.treasure_disk.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Floppy Disk
fe.protection.craft.computronics.forestry_parts.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Caustic Comb
fe.protection.craft.computronics.oc_parts.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.computronics.oc_special_parts.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.craft.computronics.parts.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Track
fe.protection.craft.computronics.portable_tape_drive.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.craft.computronics.relay_sensor.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.craft.computronics.tape.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cassette Tape
fe.protection.craft.conarm.armor_plate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Plates
fe.protection.craft.conarm.armor_trim.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Trim
fe.protection.craft.conarm.book.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Materials and You - Armory Addendum
fe.protection.craft.conarm.boots.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Boots
fe.protection.craft.conarm.boots_core.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Boots Core
fe.protection.craft.conarm.chest_core.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chestplate Core
fe.protection.craft.conarm.chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.conarm.frosty_soles.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Frosty Soles
fe.protection.craft.conarm.gauntlet_mat.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gauntlet (Base)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.gauntlet_mat_attack.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Gauntlet of Power
fe.protection.craft.conarm.gauntlet_mat_reach.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gauntlet of Far Reach
fe.protection.craft.conarm.gauntlet_mat_speed.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gauntlet of Dexterity
fe.protection.craft.conarm.helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Helmet
fe.protection.craft.conarm.helmet_core.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Helmet Core
fe.protection.craft.conarm.invisible_ink.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Invisible Ink
fe.protection.craft.conarm.leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Leggings
fe.protection.craft.conarm.leggings_core.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Leggings Core
fe.protection.craft.conarm.polishing_kit.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Polishing Kit
fe.protection.craft.conarm.resist_mat.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Resistance
fe.protection.craft.conarm.resist_mat_blast.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blast Resistance
fe.protection.craft.conarm.resist_mat_fire.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Resistance
fe.protection.craft.conarm.resist_mat_proj.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Projectile Resistance
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_belt.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Belt (Storage)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_belt_base.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Belt (Base)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_cloak.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Cloak (Base)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_goggles.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles (Zoom)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_goggles_base.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles (Base)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_night.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles (Night Vision)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_potion.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Belt (Alchemy)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_sack.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Knapsack
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_slowfall.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Cloak (Slow Fall)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_sneak.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Cloak (Invisibility)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_soul.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles (Soul Sight)
fe.protection.craft.cookingforblockheads.heating_unit.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Heating Unit
fe.protection.craft.cookingforblockheads.ice_unit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Unit
fe.protection.craft.cookingforblockheads.preservation_chamber.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Preservation Chamber
fe.protection.craft.cookingforblockheads.recipe_book.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooking for Blockheads
fe.protection.craft.culinaryconstruct.sandwich.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.doge.doge_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT many chop
fe.protection.craft.doge.doge_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT wow shoes
fe.protection.craft.doge.doge_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT much chest armor
fe.protection.craft.doge.doge_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT many protect face
fe.protection.craft.doge.doge_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT very farm
fe.protection.craft.doge.doge_launcher.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Doge Launcher
fe.protection.craft.doge.doge_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT very leg defend
fe.protection.craft.doge.doge_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT such mine
fe.protection.craft.doge.doge_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT much dig
fe.protection.craft.doge.doge_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT wow attack
fe.protection.craft.doge.dogecoin.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dogecoin
fe.protection.craft.doge.gpu.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT GPU
fe.protection.craft.enderio.block_dark_steel_door.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.craft.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_door.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Painted Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.craft.enderio.block_painted_iron_door.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Painted Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.enderio.block_painted_wooden_door.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Painted Wooden Door
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_advanced_item_filter.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_alloy_ball.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel Grinding Ball
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_ball.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crude Steel Grinding Ball
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_ingot.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crude Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_nugget.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crude Steel Nugget
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_alloy_ingot.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_alloy_nugget.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel Nugget
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_basic_capacitor.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_basic_item_filter.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_big_advanced_item_filter.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Big Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_big_item_filter.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Big Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_broken_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Spawner
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_cold_fire_igniter.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cold Fire Igniter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_conduit_facade.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Conduit Facade
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_conduit_probe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Conduit Probe
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_coord_selector.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_axe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Axe
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_boots.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Boots
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_bow.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Bow
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Plate
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_crook.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Crook
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_hand.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Backhoe
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Helm
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_leggings.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Leggings
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Pick
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_shears.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Shears
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_shield.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Shield
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_sword.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT The Ender
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_treetap.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Treetap
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_dark_steel_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Dark Steel Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_data_conduit.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Data Conduit
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_enchantment_filter_big.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Big Enchantment Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_enchantment_filter_normal.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Enchantment Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_end_steel_axe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Axe
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_end_steel_boots.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Boots
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_end_steel_bow.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Bow
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_end_steel_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Plate
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_end_steel_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Helm
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_end_steel_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Leggings
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_end_steel_pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_end_steel_shield.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Shield
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_end_steel_sword.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT The Ender Mk2
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_ender_food.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT "Enderios"
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_enderface.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Enderface
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_existing_item_filter.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_extract_speed_downgrade.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Extract Speed Downgrade
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_extract_speed_upgrade.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Extract Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_fluid_filter.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Fluid Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_gas_conduit.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Conduit
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_inventory_charger.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Charger
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_inventory_charger_basic.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Inventory Charger
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_inventory_charger_simple.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Simple Inventory Charger
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_inventory_charger_vibrant.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vibrant Inventory Charger
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_inventory_remote.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Panel Remote
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_item_conduit.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Item Conduit
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_limited_item_filter.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Limited Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_liquid_conduit.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_location_printout.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Location Printout
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_magnet.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Electromagnet
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_material.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Simple Machine Chassis
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_me_conduit.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT ME Conduit
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_mod_item_filter.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_opencomputers_conduit.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT OC Conduit
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_owl_egg.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Owl Egg
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_power_conduit.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Conduit
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_power_item_filter.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Power Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_and_filter.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone AND Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_conduit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_counting_filter.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Counting Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_nand_filter.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone NAND Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_nor_filter.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone NOR Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_not_filter.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone NOT Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_or_filter.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone OR Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_sensor_filter.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Sensor Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_timer_filter.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Timer Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_toggle_filter.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Toggle Latch Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_xnor_filter.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone XNOR Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_redstone_xor_filter.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone XOR Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_rod_of_return.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rod of Return
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_soul_filter_big.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Big Soul Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_soul_filter_normal.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_soul_vial.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Vial
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_species_item_filter.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Species Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_staff_of_levity.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Staff of Levity
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_travel_staff.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_xp_transfer.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Experience Rod
fe.protection.craft.enderio.item_yeta_wrench.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.craft.enderstorage.ender_pouch.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pouch
fe.protection.craft.eplus.table_upgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Table Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.advanced_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.basic_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.conductive_iron_exchanger.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Conductive Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.creative_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.crude_steel_exchanger.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crude Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.crystalline_exchanger.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crystalline Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.dark_steel_exchanger.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.diamond_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier1.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier2.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier3.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier1.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier2.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier3.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.electrical_steel_exchanger.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.elite_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Elite Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.emerald_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.end_exchanger.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT End Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.end_steel_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT End Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.energetic_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Energetic Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.energetic_silver_exchanger.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Energetic Silver Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier1.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier2.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier3.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.golden_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.hardened_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.hv_exchanger.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT HV Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier1.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier2.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier3.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.iron_exchanger.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.leadstone_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Leadstone Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.lv_exchanger.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT LV Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier1.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier2.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier3.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.melodic_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Melodic Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.mv_exchanger.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT MV Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.obsidian_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.pulsating_iron_exchanger.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsating Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.reinforced_exchanger.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.resonant_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Resonant Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.signalum_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Signalum Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.stellar_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stellar Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.stone_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier1.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier2.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier3.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.tuberous_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tuberous Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.ultimate_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ultimate Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.vibrant_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vibrant Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.vivid_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Vivid Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.exchangers.wooden_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.dictionary.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist Database
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.hive_frame.cage.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Restraint Frame
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.hive_frame.clay.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Healing Frame
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.hive_frame.cocoa.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Frame
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.hive_frame.debug.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Nova Frame
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.hive_frame.soul.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Frame
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.honey_comb.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Barren Comb
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.honey_crystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Depleted Honey Crystal
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.honey_drop.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Drop
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.misc.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Scented Gear
fe.protection.craft.extrabees.propolis.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Watery Propolis
fe.protection.craft.extracells.fluid.item.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT null
fe.protection.craft.extracells.gas.item.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT null
fe.protection.craft.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.craft.extracells.part.base.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.craft.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.craft.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT ME Fluid Pattern
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.casing.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.component.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT ME 1k Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.gas.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT ME 1k Gas Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.craft.extracells.storage.physical.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT ME 256k Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.craft.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Universal Terminal - Item
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.advanced_battery.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Battery
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.anti_radiation.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Anti-Rad
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.blue_diamond_axe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.blue_diamond_boots.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.blue_diamond_chest.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.blue_diamond_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.blue_diamond_hoe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.blue_diamond_legings.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.blue_diamond_pickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.blue_diamond_shovel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.blue_diamond_sword.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.canned_food.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Can of Food
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.caramel_bar.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel Bar
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.chocolate_bar.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.cloth.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wool Cloth
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.compressed_mercury.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Mercury
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.electric_parts.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Battery
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.enviro_emergency_kit.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Environment Emergency Kit
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.geiger_counter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Geiger Counter
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.gravity_controller.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gravity Controller
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.green_diamond_axe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Green Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.green_diamond_boots.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.green_diamond_chest.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.green_diamond_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Green Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.green_diamond_hoe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Green Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.green_diamond_legings.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Green Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.green_diamond_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Green Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.green_diamond_shovel.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Green Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.green_diamond_sword.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.ingot_lead.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Galena Ingot
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.ingot_mercury.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Ingot
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.ingot_uranium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.iodide_salt.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iodized Salt
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.item_tier10_electric_rocket.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 10 Electric Rocket
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.item_tier10_rocket.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 10 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.item_tier4_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.item_tier5_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 5 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.item_tier6_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 6 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.item_tier7_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 7 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.item_tier8_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 8 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.item_tier9_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 9 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.mars_rover.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mars Rover
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.massive_battery.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Massive Battery
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.mercury_battery.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Battery
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.module_items.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT No Fall Damage Module
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.nickel_battery.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Battery
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier10.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 10 Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier4.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier5.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 5 Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier6.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 6 Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier7.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 7 Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier8.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 8 Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier9.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 9 Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_extremely_heavy_full.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Extremely Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_black.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_blue.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_brown.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_cyan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_gray.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_green.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_light_gray.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_lime.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_magenta.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_orange.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_pink.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_purple.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_white.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_yellow.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_black.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_blue.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_brown.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_cyan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_gray.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_green.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_light_gray.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_magenta.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_orange.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_pink.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_purple.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_red.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_white.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_yellow.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_black.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_blue.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_brown.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_cyan.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_gray.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_green.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_light_blue.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_light_gray.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_lime.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_magenta.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_pink.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_purple.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_red.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_white.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_yellow.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_very_heavy_full.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Very Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.potash_shards.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Potash Shard
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.potassium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Potassium
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.potassium_iodide.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Potassium Iodide
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.purple_diamond_axe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.purple_diamond_boots.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.purple_diamond_chest.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.purple_diamond_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.purple_diamond_hoe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.purple_diamond_legings.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.purple_diamond_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.purple_diamond_shovel.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.purple_diamond_sword.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.red_diamond_axe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Red Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.red_diamond_boots.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.red_diamond_chest.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.red_diamond_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Red Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.red_diamond_hoe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Red Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.red_diamond_legings.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.red_diamond_pickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.red_diamond_shovel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Red Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.red_diamond_sword.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Red Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.schematic_mars_rover.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.schematic_tier10.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.schematic_tier10_electric_rocket.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.schematic_tier4.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.schematic_tier5.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.schematic_tier6.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.schematic_tier7.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.schematic_tier8.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.schematic_tier9.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.schematic_venus_rover.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.t10key.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 10 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.t4key.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.t5key.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 5 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.t6key.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 6 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.t7key.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 7 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.t8key.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 8 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.t9key.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 9 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.thermal_cloth.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Thermal Cloth
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_boots.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Temporary Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_chest.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Temporary Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_helmet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Temporary Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_legings.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Temporary Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier10_items.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 10 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier11_items.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Diamond
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_armor_layer.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Armour Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_kit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Full Kit
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_pressure_layer.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_radiation_layer.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_boots.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_chest.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_helmet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_legings.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_armor_layer.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Armour Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_kit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Full Kit
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_pressure_layer.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_radiation_layer.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_boots.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_chest.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_helmet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Space SuitJetpack  Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_legings.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_armor_layer.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Armour Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_kit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Full Kit
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_pressure_layer.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_radiation_layer.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_boots.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_chest.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_helmet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_legings.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_thermal_padding.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_armor_layer.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Armour Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_items.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_kit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Full Kit
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_pressure_layer.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_radiation_layer.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_boots.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_chest.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_helmet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_legings.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_thermal_padding.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier5_items.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 5 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier5_kit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 5 Full Kit
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier5_thermal_padding.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 5 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier6_items.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 6 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier7_items.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 7 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier8_items.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 8 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tier9_items.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 9 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.tools.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sledge Hammer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.ultimate_battery.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ultimate Battery
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.venus_rover.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Venus Rover
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.wafer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Wafer
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.white_sugar_cane_item.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT White Sugar Cane
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_axe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_boots.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_chest.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_hoe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_legings.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_shovel.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_sword.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.extraplanets.zinc_battery.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Battery
fe.protection.craft.extratrees.databaselepi.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lepidopterist Database
fe.protection.craft.extratrees.databasetree.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Arborist Database
fe.protection.craft.extratrees.drink.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Beer Mug
fe.protection.craft.extratrees.durable_hammer.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.craft.extratrees.food.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crabapple
fe.protection.craft.extratrees.hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.craft.extratrees.hops.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hops
fe.protection.craft.extratrees.misc.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sawdust
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.angelring.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Angel Ring
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.biomemarker.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Marker
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.book.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Extra Utilities 2 Manual
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.boomerang.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Boomerang
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.chickenring.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Wing Ring
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.compoundbow.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Compound Bow
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.contract.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Contract
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.endershard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Shard
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.fakecopy.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.extrautils2:fakecopy.name
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.filter.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Filter
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.filterfluids.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Filter Fluids
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.fireaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Axe
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.flattransfernode.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flat Transfer Node (Items)
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.glasscutter.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Cutter
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.goldenlasso.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Lasso
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.grocket.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Transfer Node (Items)
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.indexerremote.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Indexer Remote
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.ingredients.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Resonating Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.itembuilderswand.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Builders Wand
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.itemcreativebuilderswand.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Builders Wand
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.itemcreativedestructionwand.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Destruction Wand
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.itemdestructionwand.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Destruction Wand
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.lawsword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Kikoku
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.luxsaber.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lux Saber
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.magicapple.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Apple
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.powermanager.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Power Manager
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.sickle_diamond.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.sickle_gold.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sickle
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.sickle_iron.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sickle
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.sickle_stone.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sickle
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.sickle_wood.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.snowglobe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Snow Globe
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.suncrystal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sun Crystal
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.trowel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Trowel
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.unstableingots.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.wateringcan.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Watering Can
fe.protection.craft.extrautils2.wrench.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.garland.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Vine Garland
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.hanging_lights.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hanging Lights
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.ladder.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stepladder
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.letter_bunting.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Letter Bunting
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.light.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Black Fairy Light
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.pennant.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Black Pennant
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.pennant_bunting.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pennant Bunting
fe.protection.craft.fairylights.tinsel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tinsel Garland
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.blood_rapier.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.diabolist_fork.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.distortion_pick.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.eldritch_orb.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.gluttony_shard.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.mob_crystal.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Imprinting Crystals
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.morph_axe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.morph_pick.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.morph_shovel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.morph_sword.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.resourcefm.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.resourcenethershard.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wrath Shard
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.riding_crop.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Riding Crop
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.skull_axe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.taint_charcoal.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hexcoal
fe.protection.craft.forbiddenmagicre.taint_fruit.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vintenfruit
fe.protection.craft.forestry.adventurer_bag.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Adventuring Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.adventurer_bag_t2.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Adventuring Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.ambrosia.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ambrosia
fe.protection.craft.forestry.apatite.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apatite
fe.protection.craft.forestry.apiarist_bag.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.apiarist_boots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.craft.forestry.apiarist_chest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.craft.forestry.apiarist_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.craft.forestry.apiarist_legs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.craft.forestry.ash.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ash
fe.protection.craft.forestry.bee_combs.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.bee_drone_ge.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Drone
fe.protection.craft.forestry.bee_larvae_ge.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.for.bee_larvae_ge.name
fe.protection.craft.forestry.bee_princess_ge.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Princess
fe.protection.craft.forestry.bee_queen_ge.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Queen
fe.protection.craft.forestry.beeswax.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Beeswax
fe.protection.craft.forestry.bituminous_peat.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.craft.forestry.book_forester.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Forester's Manual
fe.protection.craft.forestry.broken_bronze_pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.forestry.broken_bronze_shovel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Shovel
fe.protection.craft.forestry.bronze_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.forestry.bronze_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.craft.forestry.builder_bag.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Building Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.builder_bag_t2.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Building Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.butterfly_ge.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.for.butterfly_ge.name
fe.protection.craft.forestry.can.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Can
fe.protection.craft.forestry.capsule.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wax Capsule
fe.protection.craft.forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.craft.forestry.carton.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Carton
fe.protection.craft.forestry.catalogue.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Catalogue
fe.protection.craft.forestry.caterpillar_ge.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.for.caterpillar_ge.name
fe.protection.craft.forestry.chipsets.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.craft.forestry.cocoon_ge.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.for.cocoon_ge.name
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crafting_material.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crate.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crate
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.blockcactus.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Cactus
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.blockprismarine.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Prismarine
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.blockprismarinebrick.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Prismarine Bricks
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.blockprismarinedark.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Dark Prismarine
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Cobblestone
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.cropcarrot.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Carrot
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.croppotato.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Potato
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.cropwheat.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Wheat
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Dirt
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.dustglowstone.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.dustredstone.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Redstone
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.apatite.0.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Apatite
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.ash.0.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Ash
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.0.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Honey Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.1.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Cocoa Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.10.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Powdery Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.14.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Wheaten Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.15.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Mossy Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.16.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Mellow Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.2.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Simmering Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.3.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Stringy Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.4.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Frozen Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.5.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Dripping Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.6.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Silky Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.7.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Parched Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.8.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Mysterious Comb
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.beeswax.0.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Beeswax
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.bog_earth.0.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Bog Earth
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.fertilizer_compound.0.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.0.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Cherry
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.1.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Walnut
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.2.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.3.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Lemon
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.4.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Plum
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.5.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Date
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.6.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Papaya
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.honeydew.0.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Honeydew
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.humus.0.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Humus
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.mulch.0.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Mulch
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.peat.0.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Peat
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.phosphor.0.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Phosphor
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.pollen.0.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.pollen.1.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Crystalline Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.propolis.0.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Propolis
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.refractory_wax.0.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Refractory Wax
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.forestry.royal_jelly.0.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Royal Jelly
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.gravel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Gravel
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.ic2.crafting.23.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Scrap
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.ic2.misc_resource.3.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated UU-Matter
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.ic2.misc_resource.4.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Sticky Resin
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.ingotbronze.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.ingotcopper.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.ingotsilver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Silver Ingot
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.ingottin.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Tin Ingot
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.itemrubber.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Rubber
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.apple.0.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Apple
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.brick_block.0.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Bricks
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.clay_ball.0.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Clay
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.coal.0.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Coal
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.coal.1.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Charcoal
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.cookie.0.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Cookie
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.dirt.2.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Podzol
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.dye.4.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Lapis Lazuli
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.0.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Oak Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.1.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Spruce Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.2.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Birch Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.3.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Jungle Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.log2.0.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Acacia Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.log2.1.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Dark Oak Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.mycelium.0.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Mycelium
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.nether_brick.0.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.nether_wart.0.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.sand.0.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Sand
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.sand.1.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Red Sand
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.sandstone.0.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Sandstone
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.0.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Oak Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.1.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Spruce Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.2.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Birch Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.3.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Jungle Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.4.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Acacia Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.5.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Dark Oak Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.soul_sand.0.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Soul Sand
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.minecraft.wheat_seeds.0.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Seeds
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.0.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Raw Imphide
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.1.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Cooked Imphide
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.10.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Potash Apple
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.11.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Cactus Juice
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.2.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Raspberry
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.3.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Blueberry
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.4.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Blackberry
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.5.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Maloberry
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.6.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Blightberry
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.7.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Duskberry
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.8.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Skyberry
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.9.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Stingberry
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.materials.0.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Barley
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.materials.1.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Barley Flour
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.materials.2.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Wheat Flour
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.materials.3.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Cotton
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.materials.4.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Sulfur
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.materials.5.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Ghostwood Fletching
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.materials.6.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Imp Leather
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.materials.7.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Flamestring
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.materials.8.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Blue Dye
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.0.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.1.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.2.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.0.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Ghostwood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.1.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Darkwood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.2.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Fusewood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs2.0.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Bloodwood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs2.15.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Bloodwood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.0.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Ghostwood Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.1.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Fusewood Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.2.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Darkwood Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling2.0.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Bloodwood Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.0.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Maple Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.1.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Silverbell Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.2.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Amaranth Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.3.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Tiger Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.0.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Willow Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.1.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Eucalyptus Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.2.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Hopseed Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.3.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Sakura Wood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.0.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Maple Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.1.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Silverbell Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.2.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Amaranth Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.3.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Tigerwood Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.0.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Willow Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.1.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Eucalyptus Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.2.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Hopseed Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.3.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Sakura Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_seeds.0.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Barley Seeds
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_seeds.1.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Cotton Seeds
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.0.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Redwood Bark
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.1.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Redwood
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.2.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Redwood Root
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_sapling.0.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Redwood Sapling
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.saguaro_fruit_item.0.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.natura.soups.9.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Berry Medley
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Netherrack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Obsidian
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.stone.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Stone
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.stoneandesite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Andesite
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.stonediorite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Diorite
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.stonegranite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Granite
fe.protection.craft.forestry.crated.sugarcane.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crated Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.forestry.decaying_wheat.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.craft.forestry.digger_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Digging Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.digger_bag_t2.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Digging Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.fertilizer_bio.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Compost
fe.protection.craft.forestry.fertilizer_compound.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.forestry.flexible_casing.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flexible Casing
fe.protection.craft.forestry.forester_bag.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Foresting Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.forester_bag_t2.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Foresting Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.frame_impregnated.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.craft.forestry.frame_proven.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Proven Frame
fe.protection.craft.forestry.frame_untreated.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Untreated Frame
fe.protection.craft.forestry.fruits.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry
fe.protection.craft.forestry.gear_bronze.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Gear
fe.protection.craft.forestry.gear_copper.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Gear
fe.protection.craft.forestry.gear_tin.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Gear
fe.protection.craft.forestry.grafter.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grafter
fe.protection.craft.forestry.grafter_proven.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Proven Grafter
fe.protection.craft.forestry.habitat_locator.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Habitat Locator
fe.protection.craft.forestry.habitat_screen.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Habitat Screen
fe.protection.craft.forestry.hardened_machine.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Casing
fe.protection.craft.forestry.honey_drop.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Drop
fe.protection.craft.forestry.honey_pot.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Pot
fe.protection.craft.forestry.honeydew.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Honeydew
fe.protection.craft.forestry.honeyed_slice.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.craft.forestry.hunter_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hunting Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.hunter_bag_t2.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Hunting Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.impregnated_casing.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.craft.forestry.imprinter.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Imprinter
fe.protection.craft.forestry.ingot_bronze.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.forestry.ingot_copper.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Ingot
fe.protection.craft.forestry.ingot_tin.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Ingot
fe.protection.craft.forestry.iodine_capsule.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.craft.forestry.kit_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.craft.forestry.kit_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel Kit
fe.protection.craft.forestry.lepidopterist_bag.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.letters.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Letter
fe.protection.craft.forestry.miner_bag.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.miner_bag_t2.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Mining Backpack
fe.protection.craft.forestry.mouldy_wheat.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.craft.forestry.mulch.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mulch
fe.protection.craft.forestry.naturalist_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Spectacles
fe.protection.craft.forestry.oak_stick.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.craft.forestry.peat.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peat
fe.protection.craft.forestry.phosphor.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Phosphor
fe.protection.craft.forestry.pipette.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pipette
fe.protection.craft.forestry.pollen.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.craft.forestry.pollen_fertile.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.forestry.portable_alyzer.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Analyzer
fe.protection.craft.forestry.propolis.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Propolis
fe.protection.craft.forestry.refractory.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.craft.forestry.refractory_wax.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Refractory Wax
fe.protection.craft.forestry.research_note.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.craft.forestry.royal_jelly.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Royal Jelly
fe.protection.craft.forestry.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown
fe.protection.craft.forestry.scoop.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Scoop
fe.protection.craft.forestry.serum_ge.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.for.serum_ge.name
fe.protection.craft.forestry.smoker.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Smoker
fe.protection.craft.forestry.soldering_iron.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Soldering Iron
fe.protection.craft.forestry.stamps.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.craft.forestry.sturdy_machine.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.craft.forestry.thermionic_tubes.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.craft.forestry.wax_cast.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wax Cast
fe.protection.craft.forestry.wood_pulp.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Pulp
fe.protection.craft.forestry.wrench.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.forge.bucketfilled.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.funkylocomotion.wrench.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.air_fan.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oxygen Fan
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.air_vent.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Oxygen Vent
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.basic_item.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Single Solar Module
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.battery.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.bucket_fuel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.buggy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Buggy
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.buggymat.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Buggy Wheel
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.canister.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Canister
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.canvas.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Canvas
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.cheese_curd.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese Curd
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.dungeonfinder.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dungeon Locator
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.emergency_kit.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Space Emergency Kit
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.engine.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.flag.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flag
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.food.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Can of Food
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.fuel_canister_partial.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Partially Filled Fuel Canister
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.heavy_plating.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.ic2compat.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.infinite_battery.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Infinite Battery
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.infinite_oxygen.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Infinite Oxygen Supply
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.item_basic_moon.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.key.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.meteor_chunk.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Meteor Chunk
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.meteoric_iron_raw.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meteoric Iron
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.nose_cone.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.oil_canister_partial.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Partially Filled Oil Canister
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.oxygen_concentrator.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Oxygen Concentrator
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.oxygen_gear.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Oxygen Gear
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.oxygen_mask.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Oxygen Mask
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_heavy_full.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_light_full.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_med_full.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.parachute.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Parachute
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.prelaunch_checklist.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pre-Launch Checklist
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.rocket_fins.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rocket Fins
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.rocket_t1.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.schematic.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.sensor_glasses.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.sensor_lens.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor Lens
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.standard_wrench.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Wrench
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.steel_axe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Axe
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.steel_boots.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Boots
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.steel_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.steel_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Helmet
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.steel_hoe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Hoe
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.steel_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Leggings
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.steel_pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.steel_pole.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pole
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.steel_shovel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Shovel
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftcore.steel_sword.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Duty Sword
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.astro_miner.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Astro Miner
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.atmospheric_valve.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Atmospheric Valve
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.atomic_battery.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Battery
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.basic_item_venus.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Shield Controller
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.bucket_sludge.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bacterial Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.bucket_sulphuric_acid.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sulfuric Acid Bucket
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.canister_partial_ln2.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Canister of Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.canister_partial_lox.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Canister of Liquid Oxygen
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.carbon_fragments.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fragmented Carbon
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.desh_axe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Axe
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.desh_boots.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Boots
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.desh_chestplate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.desh_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Helmet
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.desh_hoe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Hoe
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.desh_leggings.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Leggings
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.desh_pick.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.desh_pick_slime.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.desh_spade.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Shovel
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.desh_sword.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Sword
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.grapple.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Grapple
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.heavy_nose_cone.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Nose Cone
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.item_basic_asteroids.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.item_basic_mars.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unrefined Desh
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.key.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.key_t3.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.methane_canister_partial.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Methane Gas Canister
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.orion_drive.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Orion Drive
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.rocket_t2.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 2 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.rocket_t3.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 3 Rocket
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.schematic.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.strange_seed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Strange Seed
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.thermal_padding.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.thermal_padding_t2.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Isothermal Helm
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.titanium_axe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Axe
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.titanium_boots.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Boots
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.titanium_chestplate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.titanium_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.titanium_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.titanium_leggings.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.titanium_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.titanium_shovel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.titanium_sword.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Sword
fe.protection.craft.galacticraftplanets.volcanic_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Volcanic Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.gasconduits.item_gas_filter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Filter
fe.protection.craft.gbook.guidebook.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Guidebook
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.apiary.upgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Production Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.bee_receptacle.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.climate_module.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Climate Control Module
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.eject_cover.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.env_processor.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Environmental Processor
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.error_sensor_cover.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.gene_sample.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT INVALID Sample - ERROR
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.gene_sample_blank.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.gene_template.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Genetic Template
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.genetics_processor.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Genetics Processor
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.hive_spawn_debugger.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.honey_comb.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT invalid.name
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.honey_drop.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT invalid.name
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.import_cover.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Item Import Cover
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.industrial_grafter.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.industrial_scoop.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.labware.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Genetics Labware
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.mutagen_tank.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.pollen_kit.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.power_module.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Power Module
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.upgrade_frame.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.craft.gendustry.waste.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Genetic Waste
fe.protection.craft.genetics.analyst.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Analyst
fe.protection.craft.genetics.geneticdatabase.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gene Database
fe.protection.craft.genetics.master_registry.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Master Registry
fe.protection.craft.genetics.misc.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Casing
fe.protection.craft.genetics.punnett_square.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Punnett Square
fe.protection.craft.genetics.registry.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Registry
fe.protection.craft.genetics.sequence.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Corrupted Sequence
fe.protection.craft.genetics.serum.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Corrupted Serum
fe.protection.craft.genetics.serum_array.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Corrupted Serum Array
fe.protection.craft.gravisuite.advancedchainsaw.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.gravisuite.advanceddrill.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Diamond Drill
fe.protection.craft.gravisuite.advancedjetpack.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.gravisuite.advancedlappack.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.craft.gravisuite.advancednanochestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced NanoChestplate
fe.protection.craft.gravisuite.crafting.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Superconductor Cover
fe.protection.craft.gravisuite.gravichestplate.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.gravisuite.gravitool.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT GraviTool
fe.protection.craft.gravisuite.ultimatelappack.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.craft.gravisuite.vajra.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vajra
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft.crowbar.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT White Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft.rope.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rope
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft.salt.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rock Salt
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_apples.apple_door_item.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Door
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_apples.applecider.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Juice
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_coal.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Charcoal
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_door_item.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Door
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stick.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Stick
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_bees.bee.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bee
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_bees.bees_wax.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT White Beeswax
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_bees.bottlefluid_honey.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Bottle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_bees.honey_comb_empty.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Honey Comb
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_bees.honey_comb_filled.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Full Honey Comb
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_bees.honey_jar.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Jar
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_bees.mead.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mead Must
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_cellar.achievement_dummy.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Is Trouble Brewing?
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_cellar.barrel_tap.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Barrel Tap
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_cellar.brew_kettle_lid.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Kettle Lid
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_cellar.cork_bark.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cork Bark
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_cellar.yeast.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brewer's Yeast
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_grapes.grape.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Grapes
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_grapes.grape_seed.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Grape Seeds
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_grapes.grapewine.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Grape Juice
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_hops.hop_seeds.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hop Seeds
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_hops.hopale.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ale Wort
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_hops.hops.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hops
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_hops.lager.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lager Wort
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_butter_milk.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Butter Milk Bottle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_condensed_milk.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Condensed Milk Bottle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_cream.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cream Bottle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_milk.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Milk Bottle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_milk_curds.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Milk Curds Bottle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_rennet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Rennet Bottle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_skim_milk.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Skim Milk Bottle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_whey.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Whey Bottle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.butter.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Butter
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.cheese_aged_slice.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gorgonzola Cheese Slice
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.cheese_cloth.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese Cloth
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.cheese_simple_slice.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ricotta Cheese
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.cheese_waxed_slice.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cheddar Cheese Slice
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.ice_cream.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.knife.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese Knife
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.kumisbottle.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Kumis Fermented
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.starter_culture.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Starter Culture
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.stomach.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stomach
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.thistle.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thistle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.thistle_seed.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thistle
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_milk.yogurt.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_rice.cultivator.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cultivator
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_rice.rice.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rice
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_rice.rice_ball.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Onigiri
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_rice.rice_cooked.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Rice
fe.protection.craft.growthcraft_rice.sakebottle.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Water
fe.protection.craft.guideapi.bloodmagic-guide.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT guide.bloodmagic.display
fe.protection.craft.guideapi.modularrouters-guidebook.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Routers Guide
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.agaveitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Agave
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.agaveseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Agave Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.akutuqitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Akutuq
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.almondbutteritem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Almond Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.almonditem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Almond
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.amaranthitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Amaranth
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.amaranthseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Amaranth Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.anchovypepperonipizzaitem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Anchovy Pepperoni Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.anchovyrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applecideritem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applefritteritem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Fritter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applepieitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applesauceitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applesmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applesnowitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Snow
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.appleyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjellyitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.arrowrootitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Arrowroot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.arrowrootseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Arrowroot Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.artichokeitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Artichoke
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.artichokeseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagussoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.avocadoitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Avocado
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.babaganoushitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Baba Ganoush
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconandeggsitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon and Eggs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgeritem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgeritem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconpancakesitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconwrappedchiliitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Wrapped Chili
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedalaskaitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Alaska
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedbeansitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Beets
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedcactusitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Cactus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedhamitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Turnips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakewareitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bakeware
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baklavaitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Baklava
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bambooshootitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bambooshootseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananaitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Banana
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.banananutbreaditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananasplititem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Split
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananayogurtitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bangersandmashitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.barleyitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Barley
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.barleyseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bassrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Bass
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.battenbergitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Battenberg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.batteredsausageitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Battered Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.batteritem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Batter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bbqchickenbiscuititem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT BBQ Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bbqchickenpizzaitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT BBQ Chicken Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bbqjackfruititem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT BBQ Jackfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bbqplatteritem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT BBQ Platter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bbqpotatochipsitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT BBQ Potato Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bbqsauceitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT BBQ Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanburritoitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bean Burrito
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beansandriceitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Beans and Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bean Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beansontoastitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Beans on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beefjerkyitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Jerky
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Wellington
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beeswaxitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pressed Wax
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetburgeritem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Beet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetsaladitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetsoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bellpepperitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bellpepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bellpepperseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bentoboxitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bento Box
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.berrymeringuenestitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Berry Meringue Nest
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.berryvinaigrettesaladitem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Berry Vinaigrette Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bibimbapitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bibimbap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.biscuititem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Biscuit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.biscuitsandgravyitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Biscuits and Gravy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberrycobbleritem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackpaellaitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Paella
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackpepperitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blazingsoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blazing Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bltitem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT BLT
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrypieitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.boiledeggitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Boiled Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bolognaitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bologna
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bolognasandwichitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bologna Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.braisedonionsitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Braised Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bratwurstitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bratwurst
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.breadfruititem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Breadfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.breakfastburritoitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Breakfast Burrito
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.briochebunitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brioche Bun
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccoliitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccolimacitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccolindipitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccoliseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brownieitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Brownie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brusselsproutitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bubbleteaitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bubble Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bubblywateritem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bubbly Water
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bulgogiitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bulgogi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.buttercookieitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Butter Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Buttered Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.butteritem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.buttertartitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Butter Tart
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cabbageitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cabbage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cabbageseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruititem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactussoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.calamaricookeditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.calamarirawitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Calamari
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.californiarollitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT California Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedgingeritem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Ginger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedlemonitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Lemon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedpecansitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Pecans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candleberryitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Candleberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candleberryseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cantaloupeitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cantaloupe
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cantonesegreensitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cantonese Greens
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cantonesenoodlesitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cantonese Noodles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelappleitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel Apple
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelcupcakeitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carprawitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotcupcakeitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotsoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewbutteritem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewchickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cassavaitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cassava
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cassavaseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cassava Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cassouletitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cassoulet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.catfishrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Catfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caulifloweritem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cauliflower
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Caesar Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutteritem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Celery
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Celery Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celerysoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Celery Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cevicheitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ceviche
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chaiteaitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chai Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chaoscookieitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.charrrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Charr
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.charsiuitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Char Siu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheddarandsourcreampotatochipsitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cheddar and Sour Cream Potato Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseburgeritem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheesedanishitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese Danish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheesesteakitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cheesesteak
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheesyshrimpquinoaitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cheesy Shrimp Quinoa
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheezepuffsitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cheeze Puffs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjellyitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrypieitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryslushieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Slushie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrysodaitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chestnutbutteritem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chestnutitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenandwafflesitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken and Waffles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenbiscuititem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenchowmeinitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Chow Mein
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickencordonbleuitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Cordon Bleu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickencurryitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickendinneritem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Dinner
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickengumboitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenkatsuitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Katsu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenpaellaitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Paella
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Parmesan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickensandwichitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickpeaitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chickpeas
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickpeaseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chickpea Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chikorollitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chiko Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilichocolateitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilicupcakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilidogitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Dog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilidonutitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chiliitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chili
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipepperitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipepperseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipoppersitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Poppers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chimichangaitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chimichanga
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chipsanddipitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chips and Dip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chipsandsalsaitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chips and Salsa
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatebaritem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeitem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatecoconutbaritem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Coconut Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatecupcakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolateorangeitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Orange
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatepuddingitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Pudding
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolaterollitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocovoxelsitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Choco Voxels Cereal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chorizoitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chorizo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chorusfruitsoupitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chorus Fruit Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonbreaditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamontoastitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.citrussaladitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Citrus Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.clamchowderitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Clam Chowder
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.clamcookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Clam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.clamrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Clam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cobblestonecobbleritem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cobblestone Cobbler
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cocoapowderitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutcreamitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutmilkitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeebeanitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeecupcakeitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.colasodaitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cola Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coleslawburgeritem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coleslawitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Coleslaw
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedgrubitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Grub
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofabbititem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofabbit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofaconitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofeakitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofeak
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofeegitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofeeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofenisonitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofenison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofickenitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Toficken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofishitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofuduckitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofuduck
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofurkeyitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofurkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofuttonitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofutton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookiesandmilkitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cookies and Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornbreaditem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cornbread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornchipsitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.corndogitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Dog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornedbeefbreakfastitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Corned Beef Breakfast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornedbeefhashitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Corned Beef Hash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornedbeefitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Corned Beef
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornflakesitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cornflakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornishpastyitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Corn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornmealitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cornmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornonthecobitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottagepieitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cottage Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottoncandyitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton Candy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottonitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottonseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crabcookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Crab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crabkimbapitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crab Kimbap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crabrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Crab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crackeritem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cracker
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crackersandcheeseitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crackers and Cheese
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crackersitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crackers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cracklinsitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cracklins
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrybaritem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crawfishetoufeeitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crawfish Etoufee
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crayfishcookeditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crayfishrawitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crayfishsaladitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crayfish Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamcookieitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cream Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamedcornitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Creamed Corn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creepercookieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creeperwingsitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Wings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crispyricepuffbarsitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crispy Rice Puff Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crispyricepuffcerealitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Crispy Rice Puff Cereal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.croissantitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Croissant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumberitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumbersandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumberseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryleafitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryleafseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.currypowderitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Powder
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.custarditem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Custard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cuttingboarditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cutting Board
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.damperitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Damper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dandelionsaladitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dandelion Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dandelionteaitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dandelion Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dangoitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dango
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dateitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Date
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.datenutbreaditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.delightedmealitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Delighted Meal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgeritem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.deluxenachoesitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Deluxe Nachos
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.deviledeggitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Deviled Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dhalitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dhal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dimsumitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dim Sum
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.donutitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.doughitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dough
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dragonfruititem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.driedsoupitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dried Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.duckcookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Duck
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.duckrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Duck
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.durianitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Durian
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.durianmilkshakeitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Durian Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.durianmuffinitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Durian Muffin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.earlgreyteaitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tea, Earl Grey, Hot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ediblerootitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Edible Root
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eelrawitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Eel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggnogitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Egg Nog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantparmitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggrollitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Egg Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggsaladitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Egg Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggsbenedictitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Eggs Benedict
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggtartitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Egg Tart
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.elderberryitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Elderberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.elderberryseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Elderberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.enchiladaitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Enchilada
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.energydrinkitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Drink
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.epicbaconitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.epicbltitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Epic BLT
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.escargotitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Escargot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.espressoitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Espresso
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.etonmessitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Eton Mess
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.extremechiliitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Extreme Chili
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fairybreaditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fairy Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.festivalbreaditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Festival Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fiestacornsaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fiesta Corn Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figbaritem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figitem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fig
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjellyitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjuiceitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figsmoothieitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figyogurtitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.firmtofuitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Firm Tofu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishandchipsitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fish and Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishdinneritem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Dinner
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishsandwichitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishsticksitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Sticks
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishtacoitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaititem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fivespiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Five Spice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.flaxitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flax
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.flaxseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flax Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.flouritem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Flour
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.footlongitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Footlong
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fortunecookieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fortune Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frenchtoastitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT French Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.freshmilkitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fresh Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.freshwateritem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fresh Water
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedbolognasandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Bologna Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedchickenitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedeggitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedfeastitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Feast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedgreentomatoesitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Green Tomatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedonionsitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedriceitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friesitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fries
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frogcookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.froglegstirfryitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Frog Leg Stirfry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frograwitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Frog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frosteddonutitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Frosted Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitbaititem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitcakeitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitcreamfestivalbreaditem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Cream Festival Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitpunchitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Punch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitsaladitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.futomakiitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Futo Maki
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garammasalaitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Garam Masala
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gardensoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Garden Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicbreaditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicchickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garliccoinitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Coin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicsteakitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Steak
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gherkinitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gherkin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gigapickleitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Giga Pickle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gigapickleseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Giga Pickle Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerbreaditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerchickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingeritem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingersnapsitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingersodaitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Ale
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.glisteningsaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glistening Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gourmetbeefburgeritem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gourmet Beef Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gourmetbeefpattyitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Gourmet Beef Patty
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gourmetmuttonburgeritem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gourmet Mutton Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gourmetmuttonpattyitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gourmet Mutton Patty
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gourmetporkburgeritem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gourmet Pork Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gourmetporkpattyitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Gourmet Pork Patty
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gourmetvenisonburgeritem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gourmet Venison Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gourmetvenisonpattyitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gourmet Venison Patty
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grainbaititem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Grain Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruititem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Grape
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapejellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapejuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesaladitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesodaitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gravlaxitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gravlax
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gravyitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gravy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.greenbeancasseroleitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Green Bean Casserole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.greeneggsandhamitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Green Eggs and Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.greengrapeitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Green Grape
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.greengrapeseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Green Grape Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.greenheartfishitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.greenteaitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Green Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledcheesevegemitetoastitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Cheese Vegemite Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledskewersitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gritsitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Grits
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groiledcheesesandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Groiled Cheese Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundbeefitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Beef
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundchickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundduckitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Duck
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundfishitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Fish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundmuttonitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Mutton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundnutmegitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundporkitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundrabbititem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundturkeyitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Turkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundvenisonitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Venison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grouperrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Grouper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grubitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Grub
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.guacamoleitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Guacamole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.guavaitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Guava
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.guisoitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Guiso
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gumboitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gumbo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gummybearsitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gummy Bears
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gyudonitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gyudon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.haggisitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Haggis
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hamandcheesesandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ham and Cheese Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hamandpineapplepizzaitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ham and Pineapple Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hamburgeritem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hamburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatheritem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hashitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hazelnutitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hazelnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.heavycreamitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.herringrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Herring
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hoisinsauceitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hoisin Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.homestylelunchitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Homestyle Lunch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeybreaditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeybunitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honeybun
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebaritem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeycombitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeyglazedcarrotsitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeyglazedhamitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Glazed Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeyitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Honey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeysandwichitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeysoyribsitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Soy Ribs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotandsoursoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hot and Sour Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotchocolateitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotcocoaitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Cocoa
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotdishcasseroleitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Dish Casserole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotdogitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hotdog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotsauceitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotwingsitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Wings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.huckleberryitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Huckleberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.huckleberryseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Huckleberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hummusitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hummus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hushpuppies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.icecreamitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.imagawayakiitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Imagawayaki
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.imitationcrabsticksitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Imitation Crab Sticks
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ironbrewitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Brew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jackfruititem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Jackfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jaffaitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Jaffa
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jambalayaitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Jambalaya
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jamrollitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Jam Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jelliedeelitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Jellied Eel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellybeansitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Jellybeans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellydonutitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Jelly Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jicamaitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Jicama
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jicamaseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Jicama Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.juiceritem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Juicer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.juniperberryitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Juniperberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.juniperberryseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Juniperberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.juteitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jute
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.juteseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Jute Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kalechipsitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kale Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kaleitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Kale
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kaleseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Kale Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kenafitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Kenaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kenafseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kenaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ketchupitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ketchup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.keylimepieitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Keylime Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kimchiitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Kimchi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kohlrabiitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Kohlrabi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kohlrabiseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Kohlrabi Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kohlundpinkelitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Kohl und Pinkel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.koreandinneritem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Korean Dinner
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kungpaochickenitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kung Pao Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambkebabitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lasagnaitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lasagna
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreaditem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Leek
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Leek Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonaideitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lemonade
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonbaritem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonchickenitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemoncupcakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemondrizzlecakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Drizzle Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonjellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lentilitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lentils
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lentilseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lentil Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lettuceitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lettuce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lettuceseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limeitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lime
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limesmoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limeyogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.liverandonionsitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Liver and Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lycheeitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lychee
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lycheeteaitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lychee Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangochutneyitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Chutney
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangoitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mango
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.manjuuitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Manj?
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesausageitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyrupitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marshmellowchicksitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Marshmellow Chicks
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marshmellowsitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Marshmallows
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marzipanitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Marzipan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoeschickenbiscuititem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mashed Potatoes and Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mayoitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mayo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mcpamitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT McPam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatloafitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Meatloaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatloafsandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Meatloaf Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatpieitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatystewitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Meaty Stew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatystirfryitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Meaty Stirfry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meesuaitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mee Sua
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonjuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meringuebombeitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Meringue Bombe
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meringuebrownieitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Meringue Brownie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meringuecookieitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Meringue Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meringueitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Meringue
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meringuerouladeitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Meringue Roulade
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.merveilleuxitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Merveilleux
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mettbrotchenitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mettbrötchen
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.milletitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Millet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.milletseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Millet Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mincepieitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mince Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.minerstewitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Stew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicecreamitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mintcupcakeitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mint Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.misopasteitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Miso Paste
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.misosoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Miso Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mixedsaladitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mixed Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mixingbowlitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mobsoupitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mob Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mochicakeitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mochi Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mochidessertitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mochi Dessert
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mochiitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mochi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.monsterfrieddumplingsitem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Monster Fried Dumplings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.montecristosandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Monte Cristo Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mozzerellasticksitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mozzerella Sticks
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mudfishrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mulberryitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mulberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mulberryseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mulberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.museliitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Muesli
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mushroomketchupitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Ketchup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mushroomketchupomeletitem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Ketchup Omelet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mushroomlasagnaitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Lasagna
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mushroomsteakitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Steak
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.musselcookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Mussel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.musselrawitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mussel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustarditem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustardseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustardseedsitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.musubiitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Musubi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.naanitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Naan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nachoesitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nachos
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.netherstartoastitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.netherwingsitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.noodlesitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Noodles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nopalessaladitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nopales Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nutellaitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nutella
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nutmegitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nutmeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oatsitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Oats
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oatsseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Oats Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.octopuscookeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.octopusrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Octopus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okrachipsitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okracreoleitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Creole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okraitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Okra
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okraseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oliveitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Olive
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oliveoilitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cooking Oil
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.omeletitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Omelet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.omuriceitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Omurice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onigiriitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Onigiri
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionhamburgeritem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Onion
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionsoupitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangechickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangeduckitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Duck
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangeitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Orange
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejellyitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejuiceitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangesodaitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcaulifloweritem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oystercookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Oyster
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oysterrawitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Oyster
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oystersauceitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Oyster Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.padthaiitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pad Thai
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pambitsboxitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pam Bits Box
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pancakesitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.paneeritem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Paneer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayaitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajellyitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajuiceitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayayogurtitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.paradiseburgeritem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Paradise Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.parsnipitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Parsnip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.parsnipseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.passionfruititem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Passion Fruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pastagardeniaitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pasta Gardenia
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pastaitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pasta
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.patreonpieitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Patreon Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pawpawitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pawpaw
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pbandjitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT PB&J
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachcobbleritem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Peach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbutterbananasandwichitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercupcakeitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercupitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter Cup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbutteritem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutsoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pear
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearyogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasandceleryitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peas and Celery
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Peas
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Peas Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pecanitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pecan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pecanpieitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pecan Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pekingduckitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peking Duck
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pemmicanitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pemmican
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peppercornitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peppercorn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pepperjellyandcrackersitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pepper Jelly and Crackers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pepperjellyitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pepper Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peppermintitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Peppermint
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pepperoniitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pepperoni
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.perchrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Perch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.phoitem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pho
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pickled Beets
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pickledonionsitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pickled Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.picklesitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pickles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pinacoladaitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pinacolada
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineapplehamitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pinkelitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pinkel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachiobutteritem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachioitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pitepaltitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pitepalt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pizzaitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pizzasliceitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pizza Slice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pizzasoupitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pizza Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plainyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Plum
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumyogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.poachedpearitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Poached Pear
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranateitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.popcornitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Popcorn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porklomeinitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porkrindsitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Rinds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porksausageitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiitem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Potato and Cheese Pierogi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatocakesitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Cakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatochipsitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatoesobrienitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potatoes O'Brien
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatosaladitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatoskinsitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Skins
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatosoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potitem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potroastitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pot Roast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potstickersitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pot Stickers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.poutineitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Poutine
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.powdereddonutitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Powdered Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pralinesitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pralines
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreaditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinspicelatteitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Spice Latte
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.queenbeeitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Queen Bee
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.quesadillaitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Quesadilla
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.quinoaitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quinoa
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.quinoaseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Quinoa Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.radishitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Radish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.radishseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Radish Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raisincookiesitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raisinsitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raisins
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rambutanitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rambutan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ramenitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ramen
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.randomtacoitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Random Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrymilkshakeitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Milk Shake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrypieitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofabbititem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofabbit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofaconitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofeakitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofeak
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofeegitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofeeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofenisonitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofenison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofickenitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Toficken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofishitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofuduckitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofuduck
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofurkeyitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofurkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofuttonitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofutton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.redvelvetcupcakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Red Velvet Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.refriedbeansitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Refried Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rhubarbitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rhubarb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rhubarbseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ricecakeitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.riceitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ricepuddingitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Pudding
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.riceseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ricesoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rivermudcakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT River Mud Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastchickenitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Roast Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rootbeerfloatitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Root Beer Float
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Root Beer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rosepetalteaitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rose Petal Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rouxitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Roux
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.royaljellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Royal Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rutabagaitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rutabaga
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rutabagaseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ryeitem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rye
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ryeseeditem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rye Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saladdressingitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Salad Dressing
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.salisburysteakitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Salisbury Steak
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.salmononigiriitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Salmon Onigiri
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Salmon Patties
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.salsaitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Salsa
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saltedcaramelitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Salted Caramel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saltitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Salt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sardinerawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Sardine
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sardinesinhotsauceitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sardines in Hot Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saucedlambkebabitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sauced Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saucepanitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Saucepan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sauerbratenitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sauerbraten
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausagebeanmeltitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage Bean Melt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausageinbreaditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausageitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausagerollitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallopcookeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scalloprawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Scallop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.schnitzelitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Schnitzel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scrambledeggitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seaweeditem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Seaweed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seaweedseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seedenergygelitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Energy Gel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seedsoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameballitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Ball
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameoilitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Oil
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameseedsitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shepardspieitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimpcocktailitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shrimp Cocktail
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimpcookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesitem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimprawitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimptemperaitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shrimp Tempura
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.silkentofuitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Silken Tofu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sisalitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sisal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sisalseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sisal Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.skilletitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Skillet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.slawdogitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Slaw Dog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.slimegummiesitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Gummies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.slimepieitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.smoresitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Smores
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snailcookeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Snail
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snailrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Snail
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snapperrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Snapper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snickersbaritem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Snickers Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustarditem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.softpretzelitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sourcreamandonionpotatochipsitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sour Cream and Onion Potato Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soursopitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Soursop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.southernstylebreakfastitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Southern Style Breakfast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soybeanitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Soybean
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soybeanseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Soybean Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soymilkitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Soy Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soysauceitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Soy Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spaghetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spagettiitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Spaghetti
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spaghettidinneritem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Spaghetti Dinner
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicebunitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Bun
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spiceleafitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spiceleafseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicygreensitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spicy Greens
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spidereyepieitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachpieitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.springfieldcashewchickenitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Springfield Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.springrollitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spring Rolls
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.springsaladitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spring Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sprinklescupcakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sprinkles Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.squidinkspaghettiitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Squid Ink Spaghetti
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruititem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steakandchipsitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steak and Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steakfajitaitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steak Fajita
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steaktartareitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steak Tartare
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steamedpeasitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steamed Peas
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steamedspinachitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stockitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stock
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrycupcakeitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrypieitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryrhubarbpieitem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Rhubarb Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysouffleitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Soufflé
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedchilipeppersitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Chili Peppers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedduckitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Duck
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffingitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffing
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.suaderoitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Suadero
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.succotashitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Succotash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sugarcookieitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sundayhighteaitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sunday High Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sundayroastitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sunday Roast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.supremepizzaitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.surfandturfitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Surf and Turf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sushiitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sushi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.swedishmeatballsitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Swedish Meatballs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetandsourchickenitem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet and Sour Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetandsourmeatballsitem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet and Sour Meatballs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetandsoursauceitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet and Sour Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpickleitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetteaitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.szechuaneggplantitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Szechuan Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tacoitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.taffyitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Taffy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.taiyakiitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Taiyaki
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.takoyakiitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Takoyaki
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tamarinditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tamarind
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.taroitem.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Taro
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.taroseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Taro Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tatertotsitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tater Tots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.teaitem.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cup of Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tealeafitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tea Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.teaseeditem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tea Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.teriyakichickenitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Teriyaki Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.thankfuldinneritem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Thankful Dinner
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.theatreboxitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Theatre Box
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.threebeansaladitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Three Bean Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tilapiarawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.timpanoitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Timpano
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.timtamitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tim Tam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tiropitaitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiropita
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toadintheholeitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsitem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastedwesternitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Toasted Western
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastitem.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastsandwichitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatilloitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tomatillo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatilloseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tomatillo Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatoherbchickenitem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Herb Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatoitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatoseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatosoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tortillachipsitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tortilla Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tortillaitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tortilla
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.trailmixitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Trail Mix
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.troutrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Trout
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunafishsandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tunafish Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunaonigiriitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tuna Onigiri
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunapotatoitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tuna Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunarawitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tuna
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunasaladitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tuna Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turkeycookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turkeyrawitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Turkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turkishdelightitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Turkish Delight
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipsoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turtlecookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turtlerawitem.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Turtle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillabeanitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillaconchasbreaditem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Conchas Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillacupcakeitem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Cupcake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillaitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegemiteitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Vegemite
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapitem.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiebaititem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiestripsitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Strips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.venisoncookeditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Venison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.venisonrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Venison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vindalooitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Vindaloo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vinegaritem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vinegar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wafflesitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Waffles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walleyerawitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Walleye
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walnutitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Walnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreaditem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waterchestnutitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Water Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waxcombitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Waxcomb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.weekendpicnicitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Weekend Picnic
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.whitemushroomitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT White Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wintersquashitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Winter Squash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wintersquashseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wontonsoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wonton Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wovencottonitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Cotton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingitem.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zeppoleitem.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Zeppole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyitem.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinibreaditem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesitem.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchiniitem.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchiniseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.craft.ic2.advanced_batpack.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.craft.ic2.advanced_charging_re_battery.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.craft.ic2.advanced_heat_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.ic2.advanced_heat_vent.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.ic2.advanced_re_battery.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.ic2.advanced_scanner.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT OV Scanner
fe.protection.craft.ic2.alloy_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Composite Vest
fe.protection.craft.ic2.barrel.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.craft.ic2.batpack.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT BatPack
fe.protection.craft.ic2.block_cutting_blade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.boat.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Damaged Rubber Dinghy
fe.protection.craft.ic2.booze_mug.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Zero
fe.protection.craft.ic2.bronze_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.ic2.bronze_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.ic2.bronze_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.ic2.bronze_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ic2.bronze_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ic2.bronze_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ic2.bronze_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ic2.bronze_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ic2.bronze_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.ic2.cable.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Cable
fe.protection.craft.ic2.casing.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Item Casing
fe.protection.craft.ic2.cell.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Cell
fe.protection.craft.ic2.cf_pack.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT CF Backpack
fe.protection.craft.ic2.chainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chainsaw
fe.protection.craft.ic2.charging_energy_crystal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.ic2.charging_lapotron_crystal.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.ic2.charging_re_battery.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.craft.ic2.coke.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Coke
fe.protection.craft.ic2.component_heat_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.ic2.component_heat_vent.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.ic2.containment_box.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Containment Box
fe.protection.craft.ic2.containment_plating.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.ic2.cover.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pump Attachment (LV)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.crafting.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber
fe.protection.craft.ic2.crop_res.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Beans
fe.protection.craft.ic2.crop_seed_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.craft.ic2.crop_stick.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crop
fe.protection.craft.ic2.cropnalyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.craft.ic2.crowbar.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Attachment Remover
fe.protection.craft.ic2.crushed.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.craft.ic2.crystal_memory.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Memory
fe.protection.craft.ic2.cutter.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cutter
fe.protection.craft.ic2.debug_item.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Item
fe.protection.craft.ic2.depleted_isotope_fuel_rod.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Depleted Isotope Cell
fe.protection.craft.ic2.diamond_drill.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Drill
fe.protection.craft.ic2.drill.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Drill
fe.protection.craft.ic2.dual_mox_fuel_rod.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.dual_uranium_fuel_rod.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.dust.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Dust
fe.protection.craft.ic2.dynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.ic2.dynamite_sticky.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.ic2.electric_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Hoe
fe.protection.craft.ic2.electric_treetap.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Treetap
fe.protection.craft.ic2.electric_wrench.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Wrench
fe.protection.craft.ic2.energy_crystal.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Crystal
fe.protection.craft.ic2.energy_pack.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energypack
fe.protection.craft.ic2.filled_fuel_can.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Filled Fuel Can
fe.protection.craft.ic2.filled_tin_can.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.craft.ic2.fluid_cell.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.craft.ic2.foam_sprayer.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT CF Sprayer
fe.protection.craft.ic2.forge_hammer.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Forge Hammer
fe.protection.craft.ic2.frequency_transmitter.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.ic2.hazmat_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.craft.ic2.hazmat_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ic2.hazmat_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ic2.heat_exchanger.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.ic2.heat_plating.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.ic2.heat_storage.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.ic2.heat_vent.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.ic2.heatpack.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Heating Cell
fe.protection.craft.ic2.hex_heat_storage.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.ic2.ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mixed Metal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.ic2.iodine_tablet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iodine Tablet
fe.protection.craft.ic2.iridium_drill.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Drill
fe.protection.craft.ic2.iridium_reflector.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.ic2.jetpack.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.ic2.jetpack_electric.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.ic2.lapotron_crystal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.ic2.lappack.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lappack
fe.protection.craft.ic2.lithium_fuel_rod.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.lzh_condensator.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.craft.ic2.meter.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT EU-Reader
fe.protection.craft.ic2.mining_laser.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Laser
fe.protection.craft.ic2.misc_resource.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ashes
fe.protection.craft.ic2.mox_fuel_rod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.mug.*                                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Mug
fe.protection.craft.ic2.nano_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.ic2.nano_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.craft.ic2.nano_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ic2.nano_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ic2.nano_saber.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Nano Saber
fe.protection.craft.ic2.neutron_reflector.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.ic2.nightvision_goggles.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.craft.ic2.nuclear.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.craft.ic2.obscurator.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Obscurator
fe.protection.craft.ic2.overclocked_heat_vent.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.ic2.painter.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Painter
fe.protection.craft.ic2.pipe.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Bronze Pipe
fe.protection.craft.ic2.plate.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Plate
fe.protection.craft.ic2.plating.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Plating
fe.protection.craft.ic2.purified.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.craft.ic2.quad_mox_fuel_rod.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.quad_uranium_fuel_rod.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.quantum_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.craft.ic2.quantum_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.craft.ic2.quantum_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ic2.quantum_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ic2.re_battery.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT RE-Battery
fe.protection.craft.ic2.reactor_heat_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.craft.ic2.reactor_heat_vent.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.craft.ic2.remote.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.craft.ic2.rotor_bronze.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Bronze)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.rotor_carbon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.rotor_iron.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.rotor_steel.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.rotor_wood.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.rsh_condensator.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.craft.ic2.rubber_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Boots
fe.protection.craft.ic2.scanner.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT OD Scanner
fe.protection.craft.ic2.single_use_battery.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.craft.ic2.solar_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.ic2.static_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Static Boots
fe.protection.craft.ic2.terra_wart.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Terra Wart
fe.protection.craft.ic2.tfbp.*                                                            # (default: true) CRAFT TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.craft.ic2.thick_neutron_reflector.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.craft.ic2.tool_box.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tool Box
fe.protection.craft.ic2.treetap.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Treetap
fe.protection.craft.ic2.tri_heat_storage.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.craft.ic2.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ic2.upgrade_kit.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.craft.ic2.uranium_fuel_rod.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.craft.ic2.weeding_trowel.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.craft.ic2.wind_meter.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Windmeter
fe.protection.craft.ic2.wrench.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.ic2.wrench_new.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench (New)
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.antidote.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Antidote
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.battery.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Battery
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.bombcart.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Explosive Cart
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.circuit.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Circuit
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.clump.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Clump
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.defuser.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Defuser
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.explosive_missile.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Conventional Missile
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.grenade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Conventional Grenade
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.laserdetonator.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Laser Designator
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.plate.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Plate
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.poisonpowder.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Poison Powder
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.radargun.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Radar Gun
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.remotedetonator.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Detonator
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.rocketlauncher.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.saltpeter.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Saltpeter
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.saltpeter_ball.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Saltpeter Starter
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.signaldisrupter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Disrupter
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.sulfurdust.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sulfur
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.surface_to_air_missile.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Surface to Air Missile
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.tracker.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tracker
fe.protection.craft.icbmclassic.wire.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Wire
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.block_talisman.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT BlackHole Ring
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.focus_pouch.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Pouch
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichor_boots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichor_chest.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichor_helm.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichor_legs.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichorium_axe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichorium_axe_adv.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichorium_pick.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichorium_pick_adv.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Pick
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichorium_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichorium_shovel_adv.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichorium_sword.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.ichorium_sword_adv.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.kami_boots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.kami_chest.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.kami_helm.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.kami_legs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.proto_clay.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Proto Clay
fe.protection.craft.ichoriumkit.resourcekami.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Shard
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.adult_filter.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Adult Filter
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.artificial_dye.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT White§r Artificial Dye
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.book_manual.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Industrial Foregoing's Manual
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.conveyor_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Extraction Conveyor Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.dryrubber.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dry Rubber
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.energy_field_addon.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Field Addon
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.fertilizer.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.fluid_transfer_addon_pull.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Transfer Addon (Pull/Down)
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.fluid_transfer_addon_push.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Transfer Addon (Push/Down)
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.fortune_addon.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fortune Addon
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.infinity_drill.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Infinity Drill
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.itemstack_transfer_addon_pull.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Itemstack Transfer Addon (Pull/Down)
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.itemstack_transfer_addon_push.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Itemstack Transfer Addon (Push/Down)
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.laser_lens.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT White§r Laser Lens
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.laser_lens_inverted.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT White§r Laser Lens (Inverted)
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.leaf_shearing.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leaf Shearing Addon
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.meat_feeder.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Feeder
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.mob_imprisonment_tool.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mob Imprisonment Tool
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.pink_slime.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Slime
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.pink_slime_ingot.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Slime Ingot
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.plastic.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Plastic
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.range_addon.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Range Addon
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.straw.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Straw
fe.protection.craft.industrialforegoing.tinydryrubber.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Dry Rubber
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontanks.copper_iron_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontanks.copper_silver_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontanks.diamond_emerald_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Emerald Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontanks.diamond_obsidian_upgrade.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontanks.glass_copper_upgrade.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glass to Copper Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontanks.glass_iron_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Glass to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontanks.gold_diamond_upgrade.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontanks.iron_gold_upgrade.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.irontanks.silver_gold_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpaluminium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpardite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpcarbon.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpcobalt.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpcrystal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpdarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Iron Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpdesh.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpiridium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpmagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpmercury.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpmeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpnickel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumppalladium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpplatinum.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumptungsten.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpuranium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clumpzinc.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Clump
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusteraluminium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusterardite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Native Ardite Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clustercarbon.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Native Carbon Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clustercobalt.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Native Cobalt Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clustercrystal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusterdarkiron.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Dark Iron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusterdesh.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Native Desh Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusteriridium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Iridium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clustermagnesium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Magnesium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clustermercury.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Mercury Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clustermeteoriciron.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Native Meteoric Iron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusternickel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Native Nickel Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusterosmium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusterpalladium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Palladium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusterplatinum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Platinum Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clustertungsten.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusteruranium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusteryellorium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Native Yellorium Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_clusterzinc.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Native Zinc Cluster
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coinardite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coincarbon.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coincobalt.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coincrystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coindarkiron.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Iron Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coindesh.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coinmagnesium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coinmercury.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coinmeteoriciron.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coinosmium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coinpalladium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_cointungsten.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coinuranium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coinyellorium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_coinzinc.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Coin
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedardite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedcarbon.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Carbon Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedcobalt.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedcrystal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Crystal Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crusheddarkiron.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crusheddesh.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Desh Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushediridium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Iridium Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedmagnesium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Magnesium Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedmercury.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Mercury Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedmeteoriciron.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Meteoric Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushednickel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedosmium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpalladium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Palladium Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedplatinum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedardite.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcarbon.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Carbon Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcobalt.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcrystal.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Crystal Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifieddarkiron.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifieddesh.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Desh Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiediridium.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Iridium Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmagnesium.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Magnesium Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmercury.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Mercury Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmeteoriciron.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Meteoric Iron Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiednickel.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedosmium.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedpalladium.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Palladium Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedplatinum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedtungsten.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedyellorium.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedzinc.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedtungsten.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedyellorium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crushedzinc.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalaluminium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalardite.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalcarbon.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalcobalt.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalcrystal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystaldarkiron.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Iron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystaldesh.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystaliridium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalmagnesium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalmercury.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalmeteoriciron.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalnickel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalpalladium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalplatinum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystaltungsten.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystaluranium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalyellorium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_crystalzinc.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustardite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustcarbon.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustchargedcertusquartz.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustcobalt.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustcrystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdarkiron.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdesh.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtyaluminium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtyardite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtycarbon.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Carbon Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtycobalt.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtycrystal.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Crystal Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtydarkiron.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtydesh.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Desh Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtyiridium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Iridium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtymagnesium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtymercury.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Mercury Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtymeteoriciron.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtynickel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtypalladium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Palladium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtyplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtytungsten.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtyuranium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtyyellorium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustdirtyzinc.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustemerald.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustmagnesium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustmercury.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustmeteoriciron.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustpalladium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallaluminium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallardite.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallcarbon.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Carbon Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallcertusquartz.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallchargedcertusquartz.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallcoal.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Coal Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallcobalt.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallcopper.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Copper Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallcrystal.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Crystal Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmalldarkiron.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmalldesh.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Desh Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmalldiamond.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Diamond Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallemerald.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Emerald Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallgold.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Gold Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmalliridium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Iridium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmalliron.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmalllapis.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lapis Lazuli Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmalllead.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Lead Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallmagnesium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallmercury.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Mercury Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallmeteoriciron.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallnickel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallniter.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Niter Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallosmium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallpalladium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Palladium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallquartz.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Quartz Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallredstone.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Redstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallsilver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Silver Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallsulfur.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Sulfur Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmalltin.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Tin Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmalltungsten.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmalluranium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallyellorium.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustsmallzinc.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Small Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyaluminium.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyardite.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinycarbon.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Carbon Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinycertusquartz.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinychargedcertusquartz.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinycoal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Coal Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinycobalt.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinycrystal.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Crystal Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinydarkiron.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinydesh.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Desh Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinydiamond.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Diamond Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyemerald.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Emerald Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyiridium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Iridium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinymagnesium.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinymercury.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Mercury Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinymeteoriciron.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinynickel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyniter.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Niter Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyosmium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinypalladium.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Palladium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyplatinum.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyquartz.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Quartz Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyredstone.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Redstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinytungsten.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyuranium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyyellorium.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttinyzinc.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusttungsten.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dusturanium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_dustzinc.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Dust
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearardite.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearcarbon.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearcertusquartz.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearchargedcertusquartz.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Certus Quartz Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearcoal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearcobalt.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearcrystal.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_geardarkiron.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Iron Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_geardesh.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearlapis.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearmagnesium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearmercury.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearmeteoriciron.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearosmium.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearpalladium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearquartz.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_geartungsten.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearuranium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearyellorium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_gearzinc.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Gear
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetcarbon.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetcertusquartz.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetchargedcertusquartz.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Certus Quartz Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetcoal.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetcrystal.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetdarkiron.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetdesh.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetlapis.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetmagnesium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetmercury.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetmeteoriciron.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetpalladium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggettungsten.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggeturanium.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_nuggetyellorium.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_plateardite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platecertusquartz.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platechargedcertusquartz.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platecoal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platecobalt.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platecrystal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensealuminium.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Aluminium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedenseardite.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Ardite Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensecarbon.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Carbon Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensecertusquartz.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensechargedcertusquartz.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensecoal.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Coal Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensecobalt.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Cobalt Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensecrystal.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Crystal Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensedarkiron.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Dark Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensedesh.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Desh Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensediamond.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Diamond Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedenseemerald.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Emerald Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedenseiridium.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Iridium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensemagnesium.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Magnesium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensemercury.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Mercury Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensemeteoriciron.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Meteoric Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensenickel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Nickel Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedenseosmium.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Osmium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensepalladium.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Palladium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedenseplatinum.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Platinum Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensequartz.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Quartz Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensesilver.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Silver Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensetungsten.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedenseuranium.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Uranium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedenseyellorium.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Yellorium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedensezinc.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dense Zinc Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platedesh.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platediamond.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_plateemerald.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platemagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platemercury.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platemeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_plateosmium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platepalladium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platequartz.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_platetungsten.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_plateuranium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_plateyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Plate
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardaluminium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardardite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardcarbon.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardcobalt.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardcrystal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_sharddarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Iron Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_sharddesh.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardiridium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardmagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardmercury.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardmeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardnickel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardpalladium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardplatinum.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardtungsten.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_sharduranium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_shardzinc.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Shard
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickaluminium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminium Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickardite.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickcarbon.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Carbon Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickcertusquartz.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickchargedcertusquartz.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Charged Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickcoal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickcobalt.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickcopper.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickcrystal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickdarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Iron Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickdesh.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickdiamond.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickemerald.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickgold.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickiridium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_sticklapis.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_sticklead.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickmagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magnesium Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickmercury.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mercury Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickmeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_sticknickel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickosmium.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickpalladium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Palladium Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickplatinum.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickquartz.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_sticksilver.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_sticktin.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_sticktungsten.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickuranium.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Rod
fe.protection.craft.jaopca.item_stickzinc.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Rod
fe.protection.craft.jexclusives.crystal.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strange Crystal
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.broken_item.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Broken Item
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.chip_advanced.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Chip
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.chip_advanced_raw.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Advanced Chip
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.chip_basic.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Chip
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.chip_basic_raw.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Basic Chip
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.chip_fpga.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT FPGA
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.chip_fpga_raw.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw FPGA
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.disk.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Disk
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.fluid_container.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Container
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.guide_book.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Pipes' Guide Book
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.hud_glasses.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics HUD Glasses
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.item_card.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Item Card
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.logistics_programmer.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Programmer
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_active_supplier.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Active Supplier Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_blank.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_crafter.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_enchantment_sink.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Enchantment Sink Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_enchantment_sink_mk2.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Enchantment Sink Module MK2
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_extractor.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Extractor Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_extractor_advanced.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Extractor Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_item_sink.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT ItemSink Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_creativetab.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Tab Based ItemSink Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_mod.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mod Based ItemSink Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_oredict.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT OreDict ItemSink Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_polymorphic.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Polymorphic ItemSink Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_passive_supplier.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Passive Supplier Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_provider.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Provider Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_quick_sort.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT QuickSort Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.module_terminus.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Terminus Module
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.parts.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics HUD Bow
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_basic.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk1.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Chassis Mk1
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk2.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Chassis Mk2
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk3.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Chassis Mk3
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk4.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Chassis Mk4
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk5.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Chassis Mk5
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_controller.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Controller
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_crafting.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_firewall.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Firewall Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_basic.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Basic Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_extractor.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Extractor Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_insertion.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_provider.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Provider Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_request.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Request Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_satellite.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Satellite Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_supplier.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Container Supplier
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_supplier_mk2.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Supplier
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_terminus.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Fluid Terminus Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_curve.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Highspeed Curve Tube
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_gain.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Highspeed Gain Tube
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_line.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Highspeed Line Tube
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_s_curve.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Highspeed S-Curve Tube
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_speedup.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Highspeed Speedup Tube
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_inventory_system_connector.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Inventory System Connector
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_manager.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Manager
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_provider.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Provider Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_remote_orderer.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Orderer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_request.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Request Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_request_mk2.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Request Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_request_table.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Request Table
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_satellite.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Satellite Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_supplier.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Supplier Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_system_destination.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics System Destination Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_system_entrance.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics System Entrance Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.pipe_transport_basic.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Unrouted Transport Pipe
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.remote_orderer.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Remote Orderer
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.sign_creator.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Sign Creator
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_action_speed.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Action Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_cc_remote_control.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT CC Remote Control Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_byproduct.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Byproduct Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_cleanup.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Cleanup Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_monitoring.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Monitoring Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_disconnection.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Disconnection Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_fluid_crafting.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Crafting Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_fuzzy.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fuzzy Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_item_extraction.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Item Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_item_stack_extraction.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT ItemStack Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_logic_controller.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Logic Controller Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_module_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Module Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_opaque.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Opaque Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_pattern.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Placement Rules Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_ev.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT EU EV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_hv.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT EU HV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_lv.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT EU LV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_mv.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT EU MV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_mj.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT MJ Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_rf.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT RF Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_transportation.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Power Transportation Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_satellite_advanced.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced Satellite Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_sneaky.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sneaky Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_sneaky_combination.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sneaky Combination Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.logisticspipes.upgrade_speed.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Item Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.longfallboots.longfallboots.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Long Fall Boots
fe.protection.craft.lostmagic.purifying_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.craft.lostmagic.ring_nutrition.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.craft.lostmagic.scribe_blood.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.backpack_thaumaturge_t1.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.backpack_thaumaturge_t2.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.beecomb.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Comb
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.drop.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanting Drop
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.frames.gentle.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gentle Frame
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.frames.magic.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Frame
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.frames.metabolic.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Metabolic Frame
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.frames.necrotic.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Necrotic Frame
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.frames.oblivion.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Oblivion Frame
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.frames.resilient.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Resilient Frame
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.frames.temporal.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Temporal Frame
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.jelly_babies.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Handful of Jelly Babies
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.manasteelgrafter.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Grafter
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.manasteelscoop.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Scoop
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.moondial.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Jade Moon Dial
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.mysteriousmagnet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mysterious Magnet
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.orepart.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shard
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.pollen.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Unusual Pollen
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.propolis.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Unstable Propolis
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.resource.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lore Fragment
fe.protection.craft.magicbees.wax.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Wax
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.anchorupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Anchor Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.armoredjetpack.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.atomicalloy.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.atomicdisassembler.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.balloon.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.biofuel.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Fuel
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.clump.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Clump
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.compressedcarbon.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.compresseddiamond.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.compressedobsidian.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.compressedredstone.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.configurationcard.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Configuration Card
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.configurator.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Configurator
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.controlcircuit.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.craftingformula.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Formula
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.crystal.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.dictionary.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Dictionary
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.dirtydust.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.dust.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.electricbow.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Bow
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.electrolyticcore.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.energytablet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Tablet
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.energyupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.enrichedalloy.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.enrichediron.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Iron
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.filterupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.flamethrower.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flamethrower
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.freerunners.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Free Runners
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.gasmask.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Mask
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.gasupgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.gaugedropper.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.itemproxy.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.jetpack.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.mufflingupgrade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.networkreader.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Network Reader
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.nugget.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.otherdust.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Dust
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.polyethene.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.portableteleporter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.reinforcedalloy.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.robit.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Robit
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.salt.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Salt
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.sawdust.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sawdust
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.scubatank.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Tank
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.seismicreader.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Seismic Reader
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.shard.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shard
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.speedupgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.substrate.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Substrate
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.teleportationcore.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Teleportation Core
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.tierinstaller.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.walkietalkie.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.craft.mekanismgenerators.hohlraum.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hohlraum
fe.protection.craft.mekanismgenerators.solarpanel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Panel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismgenerators.turbineblade.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.bronzeaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.bronzeboots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.bronzechestplate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.bronzehelmet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.bronzehoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.bronzeleggings.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.bronzepaxel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.bronzepickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.bronzeshovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.bronzesword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.diamondpaxel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.glowstoneaxe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.glowstoneboots.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.glowstonechestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.glowstonehelmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.glowstonehoe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.glowstoneleggings.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.glowstonepaxel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.glowstonepickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.glowstoneshovel.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.glowstonesword.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.goldpaxel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Paxel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.ironpaxel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Paxel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.lapislazuliaxe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.lapislazuliboots.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.lapislazulichestplate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.lapislazulihelmet.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.lapislazulihoe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.lapislazulileggings.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.lapislazulipaxel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.lapislazulipickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.lapislazulishovel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.lapislazulisword.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.obsidianaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.obsidianboots.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.obsidianchestplate.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.obsidianhelmet.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.obsidianhoe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.obsidianleggings.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.obsidianpaxel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.obsidianpickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.obsidianshovel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.obsidiansword.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.osmiumaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Axe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.osmiumboots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Boots
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.osmiumchestplate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.osmiumhelmet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.osmiumhoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.osmiumleggings.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.osmiumpaxel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.osmiumpickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.osmiumshovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.osmiumsword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Sword
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.steelaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.steelboots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.steelchestplate.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.steelhelmet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.steelhoe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.steelleggings.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.steelpaxel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Paxel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.steelpickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.steelshovel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.steelsword.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.stonepaxel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Paxel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismtools.woodpaxel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Paxel
fe.protection.craft.microblockcbe.microblock.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Unnamed
fe.protection.craft.microblockcbe.saw_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.microblockcbe:saw_diamond.name
fe.protection.craft.microblockcbe.saw_iron.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.microblockcbe:saw_iron.name
fe.protection.craft.microblockcbe.saw_stone.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.microblockcbe:saw_stone.name
fe.protection.craft.microblockcbe.stone_rod.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.microblockcbe:stone_rod.name
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.air.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Air
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT White Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.birch_door.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.elytra.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Elytra
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT End Crystal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hopper Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Knowledge Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Milk
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mutton.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mutton
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shield.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Shulker Shell
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.splash_potion.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Totem of Undying
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.craft.modularrouters.augment.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fast Pickup Augment
fe.protection.craft.modularrouters.augment_core.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Augment Core
fe.protection.craft.modularrouters.blank_module.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Module
fe.protection.craft.modularrouters.blank_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.modularrouters.filter.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bulk Item Filter
fe.protection.craft.modularrouters.module.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dropper Module
fe.protection.craft.modularrouters.override_card.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Security Override Card
fe.protection.craft.modularrouters.upgrade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stack Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.moremystcraft.maintainer_suit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Maintainer Suit
fe.protection.craft.morphtool.tool.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Morphing Tool
fe.protection.craft.mystcraft.agebook.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Descriptive Book
fe.protection.craft.mystcraft.booster.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sealed Notebook
fe.protection.craft.mystcraft.folder.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Collation Folder
fe.protection.craft.mystcraft.glasses.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT XComp's Glasses
fe.protection.craft.mystcraft.linkbook.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Linking Book
fe.protection.craft.mystcraft.page.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.myst.page.name
fe.protection.craft.mystcraft.portfolio.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Symbol Portfolio
fe.protection.craft.mystcraft.unlinkedbook.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Unlinked Link Book
fe.protection.craft.mystcraft.vial.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Vial
fe.protection.craft.mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Writing Desk
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.apatite_essence.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apatite Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.apatite_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Apatite Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.ardite_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.ardite_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.basalt_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Basalt Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.basalt_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Basalt Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.basalz_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Basalz Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.basalz_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Basalz Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.blaze_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.blaze_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.blitz_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blitz Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.blitz_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blitz Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.blizz_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blizz Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.blizz_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blizz Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.brass_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.brass_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.bronze_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.bronze_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_essence.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_seeds.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Certus Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.charm.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Charm
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.chicken_essence.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.chicken_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.chunk.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tier 1 Mob Chunk
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.coal.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Coal
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.coal_essence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.coal_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_essence.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Iron Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_seeds.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Iron Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_essence.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Conductive Iron Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_seeds.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Conductive Iron Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.constantan_essence.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.constantan_seeds.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.copper_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.copper_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.core_remover.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §cCore Remover
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.cow_essence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cow Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.cow_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cow Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.crafting.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.creeper_essence.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.creeper_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_essence.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Steel Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_seeds.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Steel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.desh_essence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.desh_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Desh Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.diamond_essence.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.diamond_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.dirt_essence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dirt Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.dirt_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Dirt Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.dye_essence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dye Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.dye_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Dye Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_essence.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_seeds.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Electrical Steel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.electrum_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.electrum_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.elementium_essence.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.elementium_seeds.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Elementium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.emerald_essence.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.emerald_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.end_essence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT End Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.end_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT End Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_essence.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT End Steel Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT End Steel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.enderium_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Enderium Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.enderium_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Enderium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.enderman_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Enderman Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.enderman_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Enderman Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_essence.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Energetic Alloy Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_seeds.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Energetic Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.experience_essence.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Experience Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.experience_seeds.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Experience Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.fertilized_essence.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §dFertilized Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_essence.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Ingot Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_seeds.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Ingot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.fire_essence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.fire_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.fluix_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fluix Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.fluix_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fluix Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_essence.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fluxed Electrum Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_seeds.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fluxed Electrum Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.gear.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Tool Core
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.ghast_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.ghast_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_essence.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_essence.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Ingot Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_seeds.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Ingot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.gold_essence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.gold_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_essence.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Grains of Infinity Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_seeds.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Grains of Infinity Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.graphite_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Graphite Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.graphite_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Graphite Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.guardian_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Guardian Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.guardian_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Guardian Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.ice_essence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.ice_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_apple.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Apple
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_arrow.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Arrow
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_axe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Axe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_boots.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Boots
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_bow.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Bow
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_chestplate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_fishing_rod.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_leggings.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_scythe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Scythe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_shears.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Shears
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_shovel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_sickle.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Sickle
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.inferium_sword.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Sword
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.infusion_crystal.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Infusion Crystal
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_apple.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Apple
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_arrow.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Arrow
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_axe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Axe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_boots.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Boots
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_bow.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Bow
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_fishing_rod.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_helmet.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_leggings.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_scythe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Scythe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_shears.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Shears
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_shovel.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_sickle.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Sickle
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_sword.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §6Intermedium Sword
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.invar_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.invar_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_essence.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Ore Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_seeds.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iridium Ore Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.iron_essence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.iron_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_essence.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Knightmetal Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_seeds.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Knightmetal Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_essence.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Knightslime Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_seeds.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Knightslime Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_essence.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_seeds.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Lazuli Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.lead_essence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.lead_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.limestone_essence.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Limestone Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.limestone_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Limestone Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.lumium_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lumium Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.lumium_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lumium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_essence.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Manasteel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_essence.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.marble_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Marble Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.marble_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Marble Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.master_infusion_crystal.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §cMaster Infusion Crystal
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_essence.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_seeds.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Meteoric Iron Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.mystical_fertilizer.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT §dMystical Fertilizer
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_essence.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Flower Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_seeds.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mystical Flower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.nature_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nature Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.nature_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nature Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.nether_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_essence.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_seeds.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.nether_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.nickel_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.nickel_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.osmium_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.osmium_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Osmium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.peridot_essence.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.peridot_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Peridot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.pig_essence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.pig_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.platinum_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.platinum_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_apple.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Apple
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_arrow.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Arrow
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_axe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Axe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_boots.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Boots
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_bow.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Bow
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_chestplate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_fishing_rod.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_helmet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_hoe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_leggings.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_pickaxe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_scythe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Scythe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_shears.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Shears
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_shovel.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_sickle.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Sickle
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_sword.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §aPrudentium Sword
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_essence.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsating Iron Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pulsating Iron Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_essence.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quicksilver Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_seeds.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Quicksilver Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_essence.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Alloy Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.redstone_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.redstone_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_essence.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_seeds.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.rubber_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.rubber_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rubber Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.ruby_essence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.ruby_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_essence.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Saltpeter Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Saltpeter Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.sheep_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sheep Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.sheep_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sheep Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.signalum_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Signalum Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.signalum_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Signalum Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.silicon_essence.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.silicon_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Silicon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.silver_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.silver_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_essence.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Sky Stone Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sky Stone Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.slime_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.slime_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.soularium_essence.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Soularium Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.soularium_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Soularium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.soulium_dagger.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §dSoulium Dagger
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.spider_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.spider_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.steel_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.steel_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.stone_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.stone_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sulfur Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sulfur Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_apple.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Apple
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_arrow.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Arrow
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_axe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Axe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_boots.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Boots
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_bow.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Bow
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_chestplate.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_fishing_rod.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_leggings.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_scythe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Scythe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_shears.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Shears
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_shovel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_sickle.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Sickle
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.superium_sword.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT §bSuperium Sword
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_apple.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Apple
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_arrow.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Arrow
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_axe.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Axe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_boots.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Boots
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_bow.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Bow
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_chestplate.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_fishing_rod.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_helmet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Helmet
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_hoe.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_leggings.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_scythe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Scythe
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_shears.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Shears
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_shovel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_sickle.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Sickle
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.supremium_sword.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §cSupremium Sword
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_essence.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_seeds.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Terrasteel Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.tier1_inferium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.tier2_inferium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.tier3_inferium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.tier4_inferium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.tier5_inferium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.tin_essence.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.tin_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.titanium_essence.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.titanium_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Titanium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_essence.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 238 Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_seeds.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium 238 Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.uranium_essence.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.uranium_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Uranium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_essence.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Vibrant Alloy Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_seeds.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Vibrant Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_essence.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Void Metal Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_seeds.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Void Metal Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.water_essence.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Water Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.water_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Water Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.watering_can.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT §eInferium Watering Can
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_essence.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wither Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_seeds.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wither Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.wood_essence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.wood_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wood Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.xp_droplet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Experience Droplet
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_essence.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Yellorium Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.zinc_essence.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.zinc_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Zinc Seeds
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.zombie_essence.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Essence
fe.protection.craft.mysticalagriculture.zombie_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Seeds
fe.protection.craft.natura.bloodwood_axe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.natura.bloodwood_bow.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Bow
fe.protection.craft.natura.bloodwood_kama.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Kama
fe.protection.craft.natura.bloodwood_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.natura.bloodwood_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.natura.bloodwood_sword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bloodwood Sword
fe.protection.craft.natura.bonemeal_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bone Meal Bag
fe.protection.craft.natura.darkwood_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.natura.darkwood_bow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Bow
fe.protection.craft.natura.darkwood_kama.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Kama
fe.protection.craft.natura.darkwood_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.natura.darkwood_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.natura.darkwood_sword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Sword
fe.protection.craft.natura.edibles.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Imphide
fe.protection.craft.natura.empty_bowls.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Ghostwood Bowl
fe.protection.craft.natura.flint_and_blaze.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Blaze
fe.protection.craft.natura.fusewood_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.natura.fusewood_bow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Bow
fe.protection.craft.natura.fusewood_kama.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Kama
fe.protection.craft.natura.fusewood_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.natura.fusewood_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.natura.fusewood_sword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fusewood Sword
fe.protection.craft.natura.ghostwood_axe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.natura.ghostwood_bow.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Bow
fe.protection.craft.natura.ghostwood_kama.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Kama
fe.protection.craft.natura.ghostwood_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.natura.ghostwood_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.natura.ghostwood_sword.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Sword
fe.protection.craft.natura.imp_armor_boots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Impskin Boots
fe.protection.craft.natura.imp_armor_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Impskin Jerkin
fe.protection.craft.natura.imp_armor_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impskin Helmet
fe.protection.craft.natura.imp_armor_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Impskin Leggings
fe.protection.craft.natura.materials.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Barley
fe.protection.craft.natura.nether_doors.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.craft.natura.netherquartz_axe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.natura.netherquartz_kama.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Kama
fe.protection.craft.natura.netherquartz_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.natura.netherquartz_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.craft.natura.netherquartz_sword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Quartz Sword
fe.protection.craft.natura.overworld_doors.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.craft.natura.overworld_seed_bags.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.natura.overworld_seeds.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Seeds
fe.protection.craft.natura.saguaro_fruit_item.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.craft.natura.seed_bags.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat Seed Bag
fe.protection.craft.natura.soups.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.natura.sticks.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Sticks
fe.protection.craft.naturescompass.naturescompass.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nature's Compass
fe.protection.craft.omlib.debug_tool.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Tool
fe.protection.craft.omlib.fake_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.fake_sword.name
fe.protection.craft.omlib.multi_tool.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.multi_tool.name
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.cartographer.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cartographer
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.crane_backpack.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Backpack
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.crane_control.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crane Control
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.crayon_glasses.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.cursor.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cursor
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.dev_null.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT /dev/null
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.empty_map.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.epic_eraser.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Eraser
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.generic.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Glider Wing
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.generic_unstackable.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pointer
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.glyph.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT 'À' Glyph
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.golden_eye.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden eye
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.hang_glider.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hang Glider
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.height_map.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Height Map
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.info_book.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.luggage.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Luggage
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.paintbrush.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Paint Brush
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.pedometer.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pedometer
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.pencil_glasses.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.serious_glasses.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Badass Glasses
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.sleeping_bag.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.slimalyzer.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Slimalyzer
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.sonic_glasses.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.sponge_on_a_stick.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sponge
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.squeegee.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Squeegee
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.stencil.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stencil
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.tasty_clay.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Tasty Clay
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.technicolor_glasses.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.wrench.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.craft.openblocks.xp_bucket.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT XP Bucket
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.card.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Card
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.component.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Central Processing Unit (CPU) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.hoverboots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hover Boots
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.material.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cutting Wire
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.misc.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tablet
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.storage.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT EEPROM
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.tool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Analyzer
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Angel Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.wrench.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Scrench
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.addon_meta.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.ammo_meta.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.intermediate_regular.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT IO Bus
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.intermediate_tiered.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.upgrade_meta.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.craft.openmodularturrets.usable_meta.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.craft.pages.block_writer.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Block Writer
fe.protection.craft.patchouli.guide_book.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Guide Book
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.dish_keycard.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Communication Dish Keycard
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.item_satellite_rocket.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Satellite Rocket
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_0.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_1.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_10.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_11.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_12.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_13.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_14.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_15.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_16.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_17.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_18.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_19.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_2.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_20.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_21.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_22.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_23.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_24.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_25.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_26.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_27.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_28.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_29.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_3.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_30.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_31.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_32.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_33.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_34.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_35.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_36.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_37.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_38.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_39.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_4.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_40.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_41.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_42.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_43.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_44.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_45.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_46.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_47.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_48.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_49.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_5.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_50.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_51.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_52.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_53.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_54.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_55.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_6.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_7.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_8.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.research_paper_9.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Research Paper
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.satellite_basic.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Satellite
fe.protection.craft.planetprogression.satellite_module_basic.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Satellite Module
fe.protection.craft.plethora.keyboard.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Keyboard
fe.protection.craft.plethora.module.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Introspection module
fe.protection.craft.plethora.neuralconnector.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Neural connector
fe.protection.craft.plethora.neuralinterface.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Neural interface
fe.protection.craft.plustic.alumiteingot.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Alumite Ingot
fe.protection.craft.plustic.alumitenugget.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Alumite Nugget
fe.protection.craft.plustic.battery_cell.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Battery Cell
fe.protection.craft.plustic.invaringot.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Ingot
fe.protection.craft.plustic.invarnugget.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Nugget
fe.protection.craft.plustic.laser_medium.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Laser Medium
fe.protection.craft.plustic.mirioningot.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mirion Ingot
fe.protection.craft.plustic.mirionnugget.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Mirion Nugget
fe.protection.craft.plustic.osgloglasingot.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Osgloglas Ingot
fe.protection.craft.plustic.osgloglasnugget.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Osgloglas Nugget
fe.protection.craft.plustic.osmiridiumingot.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Osmiridium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.plustic.osmiridiumnugget.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Osmiridium Nugget
fe.protection.craft.plustic.pipe_piece.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Piece
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.advanced_pcb.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Advanced PCB
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.air_canister.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Air Canister
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.air_grate_module.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Air Grate Tube Module
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.amadron_tablet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Amadron Tablet
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.armor_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.assembly_program.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Assembly Program: Drill
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.block_tracker_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Block Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.camo_applicator.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Camouflage Applicator
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.cannon_barrel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cannon Barrel
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.capacitor.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Capacitor
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.charging_module.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Charging Module
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.charging_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Charging Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.compressed_iron_gear.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Iron Gear
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.coordinate_tracker_upgrade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Coordinate Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.creative_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Supply Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.crop_support.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crop Support
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.dispenser_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Dispenser Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.drone.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Drone
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.empty_pcb.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Empty PCB
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.entity_tracker_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Entity Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.failed_pcb.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Failed PCB
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.flow_detector_module.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Flow Detector Tube Module
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.gps_area_tool.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT GPS Area Tool
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.gps_tool.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT GPS Tool
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_ap.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Armor-Piercing Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_explosive.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Explosive Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_freezing.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Freezing Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_incendiary.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Incendiary Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_weighted.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Weighted Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.harvesting_drone.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Harvesting Drone
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.heat_frame.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Heat Frame
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.ingot_iron_compressed.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.item_life_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Item Life Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.jet_boots_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Jet Boots Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.logistic_drone.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Logistic Drone
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_active_provider.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Logistic Active Provider Frame
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_default_storage.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Logistic Default Storage Frame
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_passive_provider.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Logistic Passive Provider Frame
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_requester.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Logistic Requester Frame
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_storage.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Logistic Storage Frame
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.logistics_configurator.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Configurator
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.logistics_module.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Logistics Module
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.magnet_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magnet Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.manometer.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Manometer
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.micromissiles.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Micromissiles
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.minigun.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Minigun
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.network_component.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diagnostic Subroutine
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.night_vision_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Night Vision Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.nuke_virus.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nuke Virus
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.pcb_blueprint.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT PCB Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.plastic.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Black Plastic
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_boots.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Boots
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_chestplate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_cylinder.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Cylinder
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Helmet
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_leggings.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Leggings
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_wrench.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pneumatic Wrench
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.pressure_gauge.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pressure Gauge
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.pressure_gauge_module.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pressure Gauge Tube Module
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.printed_circuit_board.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Printed Circuit Board
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.programming_puzzle.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Black Programming Puzzle
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.range_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Range Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.redstone_module.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Module
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.regulator_tube_module.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Regulator Tube Module
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.reinforced_air_canister.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Air Canister
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.remote.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Remote
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.safety_tube_module.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Safety Tube Module
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.scuba_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT SCUBA Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.search_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Item Search Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.security_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Security Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.seismic_sensor.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Seismic Sensor
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.spawner_agitator.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spawner Agitator
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.speed_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.stone_base.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Base
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.stop_worm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT STOP! Worm
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.thaumcraft_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumcraft Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.transfer_gadget.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Transfer Gadget
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.transistor.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Transistor
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.turbine_blade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.turbine_rotor.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.unassembled_pcb.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unassembled PCB
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.volume_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Volume Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.pneumaticcraft.vortex_cannon.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vortex Cannon
fe.protection.craft.portalgun.item_dust_ender_pearl.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl Dust
fe.protection.craft.portalgun.item_miniature_black_hole.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Miniature Black Hole
fe.protection.craft.portalgun.item_portalgun.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Portal Gun
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.power_fist.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Power Fist
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.powerarmor_feet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Power Armor Boots
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.powerarmor_head.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Power Armor Helmet
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.powerarmor_legs.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Power Armor Leggings
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.powerarmor_torso.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Power Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.powersuits.powerarmorcomponent.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wiring
fe.protection.craft.projectred-core.drawplate.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.core.drawplate.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-core.multimeter.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.core.multimeter.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-core.resource_item.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.core.itemResource.plate.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-core.screwdriver.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.core.screwdriver.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.charged_battery.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.battery.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.electric_screwdriver.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.screwdriverElectric.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.empty_battery.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.batteryEmpty.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.enderPearlInfused.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.jetpack.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.jetpack.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.plan.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.plan.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.solar_panel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.solarPanel.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.athame.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.athame.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.backpack.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.backpack|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.diamond_sickle.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleDiamond.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.golden_saw.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sawGold.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.golden_sickle.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleGold.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.iron_sickle.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleIron.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_axe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.axePeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_boots.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.bootsPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_chestplate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.chestplatePeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_helmet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.helmetPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_hoe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.hoePeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_leggings.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.leggingsPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_pickaxe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.pickaxePeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_saw.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sawPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_shovel.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.shovelPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_sickle.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sicklePeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_sword.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.swordPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_axe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.axeRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_boots.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.bootsRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_chestplate.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.chestplateRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.helmetRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_hoe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.hoeRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_leggings.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.leggingsRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_saw.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sawRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_shovel.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.shovelRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_sickle.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_sword.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.swordRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_axe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.axeSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_boots.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.bootsSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.chestplateSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_helmet.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.helmetSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.hoeSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_leggings.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.leggingsSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_saw.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sawSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_shovel.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.shovelSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sickle.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sword.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.swordSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.stone_sickle.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleStone.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.wooden_sickle.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleWood.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.wool_gin.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.woolGin.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-fabrication.ic_blueprint.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.fabrication.icBlueprint.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-fabrication.ic_chip.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.fabrication.icChip|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.cage_lamp.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.cageLamp|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.fallout_lamp.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.falloutLamp|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.feedback_light_button.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.lightButtonFeedback|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.fixture_light.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLight|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.inverted_cage_lamp.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.cageLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.inverted_fallout_lamp.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.falloutLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.inverted_fixture_light.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLightInverted|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.inverted_lantern.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.lanternInverted|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.lantern.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.lantern|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.light_button.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.lightButton|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-integration.gate.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.integration.gate|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-transmission.framed_wire.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.transmission.wireFramed|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-transmission.wire.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.transmission.wire|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-transportation.pipe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.transportation.pipe|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-transportation.router_utility.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.transportation.routerUtility.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-transportation.routing_chip.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.transportation.routingChip|0.name
fe.protection.craft.quark.ancient_tome.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Tome
fe.protection.craft.quark.archaeologist_hat.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Archaeologist Hat
fe.protection.craft.quark.arrow_ender.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Arrow
fe.protection.craft.quark.arrow_explosive.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Explosive Arrow
fe.protection.craft.quark.arrow_torch.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Torch Arrow
fe.protection.craft.quark.chain.*                                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chain
fe.protection.craft.quark.colored_item_frame.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT White Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.cooked_crab_leg.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Crab Leg
fe.protection.craft.quark.crab_leg.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crab Leg
fe.protection.craft.quark.crab_shell.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crab Shell Fragment
fe.protection.craft.quark.diamond_heart.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Heart of Diamond
fe.protection.craft.quark.enderdragon_scale.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon Scale
fe.protection.craft.quark.glass_item_frame.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.quark.glass_shards.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Shard
fe.protection.craft.quark.horse_whistle.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Horse Whistle
fe.protection.craft.quark.parrot_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Red Parrot Egg
fe.protection.craft.quark.pickarang.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pickarang
fe.protection.craft.quark.pirate_hat.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pirate Hat
fe.protection.craft.quark.root.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cave Root
fe.protection.craft.quark.root_dye.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Dye
fe.protection.craft.quark.root_flower.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Sprout
fe.protection.craft.quark.rune.*                                                          # (default: true) CRAFT White Rune
fe.protection.craft.quark.slime_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Slime in a Bucket
fe.protection.craft.quark.soul_bead.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Bead
fe.protection.craft.quark.soul_powder.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Powder
fe.protection.craft.quark.tallow.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tallow
fe.protection.craft.quark.trowel.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Trowel
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_boots_steel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_chestplate_steel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_goggles.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_helmet_steel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_leggings_steel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_overalls.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.backpack_apothecary_t1.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.backpack_apothecary_t2.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.backpack_iceman_t1.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.backpack_iceman_t2.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.backpack_signalman_t1.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.railcraft.backpack.signalman.t1.name
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.backpack_signalman_t2.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.railcraft.backpack.signalman.t2.name
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.backpack_trackman_t1.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.backpack_trackman_t2.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.bore.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.borehead_bronze.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.borehead_diamond.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.borehead_iron.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.borehead_steel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_bed.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bed Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_cargo.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cargo Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_chest_metals.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Metals Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_chest_void.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Void Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_gift.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gift Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_ic2_batbox.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Batbox Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_ic2_cesu.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT CESU Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_ic2_mfe.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT MFE Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_jukebox.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Jukebox Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_pumpkin.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_redstone_flux.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_spawner.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spawner Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_tank.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tank Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_tnt_wood.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_trade_station.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Trade Station Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_work.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Work Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_worldspike_admin.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Admin Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_worldspike_personal.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Personal Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_worldspike_standard.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.charge.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Charge Coil
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.circuit.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Controller Circuit
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.concrete.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bag of Cement
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.dust.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.filter_bee.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Filter
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.filter_bee_genome.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Genome Filter
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.filter_blank.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Filter
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.filter_ore_dict.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Dictionary Filter
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.filter_type.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Item Type Filter
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.firestone_cracked.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.firestone_cut.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cut Firestone
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.firestone_raw.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Firestone
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.firestone_refined.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Firestone
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.fluid_bottle_creosote.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.fluid_bottle_steam.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Bottle
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.fuel_coke.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Coke
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.gear.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Gear
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.locomotive_creative.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.locomotive_electric.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.locomotive_steam_solid.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.mow_track_layer.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.mow_track_relayer.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.mow_track_remover.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.mow_undercutter.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Nugget
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.plate.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.rail.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Rail
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.railbed.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.rebar.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rebar
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.routing_table.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Routing Table
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.routing_ticket.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.routing_ticket_gold.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.signal_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Lamp
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tie.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tie
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_axe_steel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_charge_meter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charge Meter
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_crowbar_iron.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_crowbar_seasons.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crowbar of Seasons
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_crowbar_steel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_hoe_steel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_magnifying_glass.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_notepad.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_pickaxe_steel.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_shears_steel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shears
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_shovel_steel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_signal_label.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Label
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_signal_surveyor.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Surveyor
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_signal_tuner.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Tuner
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_iron.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Spike Maul
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_steel.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Spike Maul
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_sword_steel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_whistle_tuner.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.track_kit.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invalid Track Kit§r
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.track_parts.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Track Parts
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.turbine_blade.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.turbine_disk.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Disk
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.turbine_rotor.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.artifact_generation_tag.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Artifact Generation Tag
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.block_selector.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Block Selector
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.block_selector_floating.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Floating Block Selector
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.book_generation_tag.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Book Generation Tag
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.inspector.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Inspector
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.inventory_generation_component_tag.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Loot Table Component Tag
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.inventory_generation_single_tag.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Single Loot Generation Tag
fe.protection.craft.reccomplex.inventory_generation_tag.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Loot Generation Tag
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.armor.boots_flux.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.armor.helmet_flux.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.armor.legs_flux.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.armor.plate_flux.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.material.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.axe_flux.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.battlewrench_flux.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.bow_flux.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.excavator_flux.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Excavator
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.fishing_rod_flux.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.hammer_flux.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Hammer
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.pickaxe_flux.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.shield_flux.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Shield
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.shovel_flux.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.sickle_flux.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.sword_flux.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.tool.wrench_flux.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.craft.redstonearsenal.util.quiver_flux.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Flux-Infused Quiver
fe.protection.craft.reforged.arrow_bundle.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow Bundle
fe.protection.craft.reforged.blowgun.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blowgun
fe.protection.craft.reforged.blunderbuss.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Blunderbuss
fe.protection.craft.reforged.blunderbuss_barrel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blunderbuss Barrel
fe.protection.craft.reforged.blunderbuss_bullet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Blunderbuss Shot
fe.protection.craft.reforged.crossbow.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.reforged.crossbow_bolt.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crossbow Bolt
fe.protection.craft.reforged.dart_hunger.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dart of Hunger
fe.protection.craft.reforged.dart_normal.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Normal Dart
fe.protection.craft.reforged.dart_poison.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Dart
fe.protection.craft.reforged.dart_poison_strong.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Very Poisionous Dart
fe.protection.craft.reforged.dart_slowness.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dart of Slowness
fe.protection.craft.reforged.dart_wither.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Dart of the Wither
fe.protection.craft.reforged.diamond_dirk.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Dirk
fe.protection.craft.reforged.diamond_katana.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Katana
fe.protection.craft.reforged.diamond_mace.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Mace
fe.protection.craft.reforged.diamond_pike.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pike
fe.protection.craft.reforged.diamond_saber.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Saber
fe.protection.craft.reforged.dummy.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Training Dummy
fe.protection.craft.reforged.dynamite.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Dynamite
fe.protection.craft.reforged.firerod.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Firerod
fe.protection.craft.reforged.golden_dirk.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Dirk
fe.protection.craft.reforged.golden_katana.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Katana
fe.protection.craft.reforged.golden_mace.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Mace
fe.protection.craft.reforged.golden_pike.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pike
fe.protection.craft.reforged.golden_saber.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Saber
fe.protection.craft.reforged.gun_stock.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gun Stock
fe.protection.craft.reforged.iron_dirk.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dirk
fe.protection.craft.reforged.iron_katana.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Katana
fe.protection.craft.reforged.iron_mace.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Mace
fe.protection.craft.reforged.iron_pike.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pike
fe.protection.craft.reforged.iron_saber.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Saber
fe.protection.craft.reforged.javelin.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Javelin
fe.protection.craft.reforged.keris.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Kris
fe.protection.craft.reforged.musket.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Musket
fe.protection.craft.reforged.musket_barrel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Musket Barrel
fe.protection.craft.reforged.musket_bullet.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Musket Ball
fe.protection.craft.reforged.nest_of_bees.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nest Of Bees
fe.protection.craft.reforged.stone_dirk.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Dirk
fe.protection.craft.reforged.stone_katana.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Katana
fe.protection.craft.reforged.stone_mace.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Mace
fe.protection.craft.reforged.stone_pike.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pike
fe.protection.craft.reforged.stone_saber.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Saber
fe.protection.craft.reforged.tab_icon.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ignore me!
fe.protection.craft.reforged.tab_icon_integration.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ignore me!
fe.protection.craft.reforged.wooden_dirk.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Dirk
fe.protection.craft.reforged.wooden_katana.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Katana
fe.protection.craft.reforged.wooden_mace.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Mace
fe.protection.craft.reforged.wooden_pike.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pike
fe.protection.craft.reforged.wooden_saber.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Saber
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.itemfluxpack.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Fluxpack
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.itemjetpack.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.metaitem.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Particle Customizer (Default)
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.metaitemmods.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Thruster
fe.protection.craft.simplyjetpacks.pilot_goggles.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pilot Goggles
fe.protection.craft.statues.hammer.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer
fe.protection.craft.statues.palette.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Palette
fe.protection.craft.stevescarts.cartmodule.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Engine
fe.protection.craft.stevescarts.modularcart.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Cart
fe.protection.craft.stevescarts.modulecomponents.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Wheels
fe.protection.craft.superfactorymanager.disk.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Memory Disc
fe.protection.craft.supersoundmuffler.sound_muffler_bauble.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Super Sound Muffler
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.arrow.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.axe_head.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.battlesign.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Battlesign
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.binding.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Binding
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bolt.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bolt Core
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.book.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Materials and You
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bowlimb
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bow_string.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bowstring
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broadsword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cast.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ingot Cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cleaver.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cleaver
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cross Guard
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.crossbow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.edible.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.excavator.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Excavator
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Excavator Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.fletching.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fletching
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.frypan.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Frypan
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Guard
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hatchet.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ingots.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.kama.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Kama
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.kama_head.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Kama Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.large_plate.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Large Plate
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.longbow.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Longbow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.longsword.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Longsword
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lumberaxe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.materials.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Seared Brick
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.mattock.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mattock
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.nuggets.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pan_head.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pan
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pattern.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Pattern
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pick_head.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Piggybackpack
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.rapier.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Rapier
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.scythe.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shard.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Shard
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shortbow.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shortbow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shuriken.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shuriken
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sign_head.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Sign Plate
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Boots
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slimesling.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Slimesling
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Rod
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.throwball.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Glowball
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tool Rod
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tough Binding
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wide Guard
fe.protection.craft.teslacorelib.base_addon.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Base Addon
fe.protection.craft.teslacorelib.energy_tier1.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade I
fe.protection.craft.teslacorelib.energy_tier2.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade II
fe.protection.craft.teslacorelib.speed_tier1.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade I
fe.protection.craft.teslacorelib.speed_tier2.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade II
fe.protection.craft.teslacorelib.wrench.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tesla Wrench
fe.protection.craft.testdummy.dummy.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Training Dummy
fe.protection.craft.thaumcomp.sealconnector.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golem Seal Connector
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.alumentum.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Alumentum
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.amber.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Amber
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.amulet_vis.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Stone
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.bath_salts.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.baubles.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.bottle_taint.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle of Taint
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.brain.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Brain
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.caster_basic.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.causality_collapser.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Causality Collapser
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.celestial_notes.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Notes
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.charm_undying.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Undying
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.chunk.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Nugget
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.cloth_boots.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.cloth_chest.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.cloth_legs.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.cloud_ring.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cloudstepper Ring
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.cluster.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Native Iron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.creative_flux_sponge.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Sponge
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_blade.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Blade
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_boots.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_chest.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_helm.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_legs.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_chest.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_helm.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_legs.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_chest.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_helm.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_legs.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crystal_essence.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT %s Vis Crystal
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.curio.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Curiosity
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.curiosity_band.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Headband of Curiosity
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.elemental_axe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.elemental_hoe.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.elemental_pick.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.elemental_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.elemental_sword.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.enchanted_placeholder.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Any enchanted item
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.fabric.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Fabric
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.filter.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Filter
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.focus_1.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Lesser Focus
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.focus_2.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Advanced Focus
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.focus_3.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Greater Focus
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.focus_pouch.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Focus Pouch
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.fortress_chest.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.fortress_helm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.fortress_legs.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.goggles.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.golem.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golem
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.golem_bell.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.grapple_gun.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Grappler
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_spool.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Grappler Spool
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_tip.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Grappler Head
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.hand_mirror.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.jar_brace.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Lid Brace
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.label.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Label
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.loot_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Common Treasure
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.mechanism_complex.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Complex Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.mechanism_simple.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Simple Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.mind.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Clockwork Mind
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.mirrored_glass.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mirrored Glass
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.module.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vision Module
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.morphic_resonator.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Morphic Resonator
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.nugget.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.pech_wand.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pech Wand
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.phial.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Phial
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.plate.*                                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Plate
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.primal_crusher.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Primal Crusher
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.primordial_pearl.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.quicksilver.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Quicksilver
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.resonator.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.salis_mundus.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Salis Mundus
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.sanity_checker.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sanity Checker
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.sanity_soap.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.scribing_tools.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.seal.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Seal
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.tallow.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Tallow
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_axe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_boots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_chest.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_helm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_hoe.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_legs.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_pick.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_sword.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumometer.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumometer
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumonomicon.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.traveller_boots.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.triple_meat_treat.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.turret.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Automated Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.verdant_charm.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Verdant Heart Charm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.vis_resonator.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Resonator
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Void Axe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_boots.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Void Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_chest.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Void Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_helm.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Void Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Void Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_legs.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Void Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_pick.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_robe_chest.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_robe_helm.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_robe_legs.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_seed.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Void Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Void Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_sword.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Void Sword
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.voidseer_charm.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Voidseer's Pearl
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Greatwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.augment_builder_effect.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT item..name
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.augment_builder_power.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT item..name
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.augment_caster_rift_energy_storage.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Impetus Conductor
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.augment_custom.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Modular Caster Augment
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.augment_vis_battery.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Battery Augment
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.autocaster_placer.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Autocaster
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.biome_selector.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Focus
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.celestial_observer_placer.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Observer
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock_key.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Runed Tablet
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.elytra_harness.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Elytra Harness
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.elytra_harness_augment.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Impetus Thruster Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.focus_ancient.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Focus
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.fracture_locator.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fracture Locator
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.gauntlet.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_linker.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Impetus Resonator
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.impulse_cannon.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Impulse Cannon
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.impulse_cannon_augment.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Railgun Conversion
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.key.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Key
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.material.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Regeneration Lattice
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.morphic_tool.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Morphic Tool
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk_placer.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Eldritch Obelisk
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.primal_cutter.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Primal Cutter
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.research_notes.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tattered Scrolls
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.rift_seed.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Rift Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.seal_copier.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Seal Copier
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Robe of the Adept
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_hood.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hood of the Adept
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_leggings.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Leggings of the Adept
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.thaumostatic_harness.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.thaumostatic_harness_augment.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Gyroscope Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.thaumicaugmentation.void_boots.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.arcane_terminal.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.coalescence_core.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coalescence Core
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.diffusion_core.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diffusion Core
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.dummy_aspect.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT [ERROR] Report to mod dev
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_16k.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT 16k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_1k.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_4k.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT 4k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_64k.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT 64k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_creative.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Creative ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_16k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT 16k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_1k.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_4k.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT 4k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_64k.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT 64k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_export.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT ME Essentia Export Bus
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_import.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT ME Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_storage.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT ME Essentia Storage Bus
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.essentia_terminal.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT ME Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.craft.thaumicenergistics.upgrade_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Charging Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.craft.thaumictinkerer.blood_sword.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.craft.thaumictinkerer.connector.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Transvector Binder
fe.protection.craft.thaumictinkerer.energetic_nitor.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energetic Nitor
fe.protection.craft.thaumictinkerer.mob_aspect.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.thaumictinkerer:mob_aspect.name
fe.protection.craft.thaumictinkerer.share_book.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.craft.thaumictinkerer.soul_mould.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Soul Mould
fe.protection.craft.thaumictinkerer.spellbinding_cloth.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.alchemist_stone.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemist's Stone
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.alienist_stone.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Alienist's Stone
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.bone_bow.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bow of Bone
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.cinderpearl_seed.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cinderpearl Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.cleansing_charm.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cleansing Charm
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.disjunction_cloth.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Disjunction Cloth
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.eldritch_cluster.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Eldritch Iron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.flying_carpet.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flying Carpet
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.lethe_water.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lethe Water
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.night_vision_goggles.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Night-Vision Goggles
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.panacea.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Panacea
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.primal_arrow.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Air Arrow
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.primal_destroyer.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primal Destroyer
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.primordial_grain.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Grain
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.shimmerleaf_seed.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shimmerleaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.structure_diviner.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Structure Diviner
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.timewinder.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Timewinder
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.transmuter_stone.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Transmuter's Stone
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.vishroom_spore.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Vishroom Spore
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_chest.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_helm.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_legs.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.thaumtweaks.filler.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Filler
fe.protection.craft.thermalcultivation.watering_can.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Watering Can (Basic)
fe.protection.craft.thermaldynamics.cover.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Invalid Cover
fe.protection.craft.thermaldynamics.filter.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Filter
fe.protection.craft.thermaldynamics.relay.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Relay
fe.protection.craft.thermaldynamics.retriever.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Retriever
fe.protection.craft.thermaldynamics.servo.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Servo
fe.protection.craft.thermalexpansion.augment.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Augment: item.invalid.name
fe.protection.craft.thermalexpansion.capacitor.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Capacitor (Basic)
fe.protection.craft.thermalexpansion.florb.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Florb (info.cofh.empty§r)
fe.protection.craft.thermalexpansion.frame.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Machine Frame
fe.protection.craft.thermalexpansion.morb.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Morb (info.cofh.empty§r)
fe.protection.craft.thermalexpansion.reservoir.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Reservoir (Basic)
fe.protection.craft.thermalexpansion.satchel.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Satchel (Basic)
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_bronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_constantan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_copper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_electrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_invar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_lead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_nickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_platinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_silver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_steel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_tin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Boots
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_aluminum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_bronze.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_constantan.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_copper.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_electrum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_invar.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_lead.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_nickel.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_platinum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_silver.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_steel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_tin.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Helmet
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_aluminum.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_bronze.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_constantan.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_copper.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_electrum.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_invar.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_lead.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_nickel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_platinum.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_silver.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_steel.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_tin.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_bronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_constantan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_copper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_electrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_invar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_lead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_nickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_platinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_silver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_steel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_tin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.bait.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aqua-Chow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.coin.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Coin
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.diagram_redprint.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Redprint
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.dye.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Black Pigment
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.fertilizer.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Phyto-Gro
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.geode.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Geode
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_bronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_constantan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_copper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_electrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_invar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_lead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_nickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_platinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_silver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_steel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_tin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.material.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.meter.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Multimeter
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.security.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Signalum Security Lock
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tome_experience.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tome of Knowledge
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tome_lexicon.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_constantan.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_copper.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_invar.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_lead.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_platinum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_silver.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_steel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_tin.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Axe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_constantan.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_copper.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_diamond.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_gold.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_invar.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_iron.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_lead.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_platinum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_silver.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_steel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_stone.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_tin.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_aluminum.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_bronze.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_constantan.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_copper.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_diamond.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_electrum.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_gold.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_invar.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_iron.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_lead.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_nickel.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_platinum.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_silver.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_steel.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_stone.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_tin.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_wood.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Excavator
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_aluminum.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_bronze.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_constantan.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_copper.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_diamond.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_electrum.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_gold.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_invar.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_iron.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_lead.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_nickel.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_platinum.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_silver.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_steel.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_stone.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_tin.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_bronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_constantan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_copper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_diamond.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_electrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_gold.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_invar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_iron.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_lead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_nickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_platinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_silver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_steel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_stone.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_tin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_wood.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_constantan.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_copper.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_invar.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_lead.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_platinum.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_silver.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_steel.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_tin.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_aluminum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_bronze.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_constantan.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_copper.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_electrum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_invar.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_lead.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_nickel.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_platinum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_silver.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_steel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_tin.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_bronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_constantan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_copper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_diamond.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_electrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_gold.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_invar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_lead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_nickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_platinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_silver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_steel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_stone.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_tin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_wood.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shears
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_bronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_constantan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_copper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_diamond.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_electrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_gold.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_invar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_iron.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_lead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_nickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_platinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_silver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_steel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_stone.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_tin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Shield
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_bronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_constantan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_copper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_electrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_invar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_lead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_nickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_platinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_silver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_steel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_tin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_bronze.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_constantan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_copper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_diamond.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_electrum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_gold.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_invar.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_iron.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_lead.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_nickel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_platinum.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_silver.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_steel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_stone.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_tin.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_wood.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_aluminum.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_bronze.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_constantan.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Constantan Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_copper.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_electrum.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Electrum Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_invar.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Invar Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_lead.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_nickel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nickel Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_platinum.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Platinum Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_silver.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_steel.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_tin.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Sword
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.upgrade.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.craft.thermalfoundation.wrench.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.craft.thermalinnovation.drill.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fluxbore (Basic)
fe.protection.craft.thermalinnovation.injector.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hypoinfuser (Basic)
fe.protection.craft.thermalinnovation.magnet.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fluxomagnet (Basic)
fe.protection.craft.thermalinnovation.quiver.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Alchemical Quiver (Basic)
fe.protection.craft.thermalinnovation.saw.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Fluxsaw (Basic)
fe.protection.craft.tinkersaddons.modifier_item.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Amelioration Tome
fe.protection.craft.torchmaster.frozen_pearl.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Frozen Pearl
fe.protection.craft.translocators.diamond_nugget.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.craft.translocators.translocator_part.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Item Translocator
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.alpha_fur.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.arctic_boots.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.arctic_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.arctic_fur.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Fur
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.arctic_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Hood
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.arctic_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.armor_shard.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Shard
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.armor_shard_cluster.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.block_and_chain.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Block and Chain
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.borer_essence.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Borer Essence
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.canopy_door.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Canopy Door
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.carminite.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Carminite
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_1.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_2.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_3.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.charm_of_life_1.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Life I
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.charm_of_life_2.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Life II
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.cooked_meef.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Meef Steak
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.cooked_venison.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Venison Steak
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.crumble_horn.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crumble Horn
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.cube_of_annihilation.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.cube_talisman.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.dark_door.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Darkwood Door
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ender_bow.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Bow
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Experiment 115
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_blood.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Blood
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_boots.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Plate
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_ingot.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_leggings.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Legs
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Pick
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_sword.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_tears.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Tears
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.giant_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.giant_sword.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Giant's Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.glass_sword.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.hydra_chop.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hydra Chop
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ice_bomb.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Bomb
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ice_bow.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Bow
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ice_sword.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_axe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_boots.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_hoe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_ingot.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_leggings.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_raw.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_shovel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_sword.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_axe.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Axe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_boots.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_chestplate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Plate
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_ingot.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_leggings.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Pick
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_ring.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_shield.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Shield
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_sword.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.lamp_of_cinders.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.lifedrain_scepter.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.liveroot.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Liveroot
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.magic_beans.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Beans
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.magic_map.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.magic_map_empty.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.magic_map_focus.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.mangrove_door.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mangrove Door
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.maze_map.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.maze_map_empty.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.maze_map_focus.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.maze_wafer.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Wafer
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.mazebreaker_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mazebreaker
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.meef_stroganoff.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.mine_door.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Minewood Door
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.minotaur_axe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.minotaur_axe_gold.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.moon_dial.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Moon Dial
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.moonworm_queen.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.naga_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.naga_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.naga_scale.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ore_magnet.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Magnet
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ore_map.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ore_map_empty.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ore_meter.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.peacock_fan.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.phantom_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Phantom Plate
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.phantom_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Phantom Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.raven_feather.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raven Feather
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.raw_meef.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meef
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.raw_venison.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Venison
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.seeker_bow.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Seeker Bow
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.shield_scepter.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Scepter of Fortification
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.sort_door.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sortingwood Door
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_axe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_boots.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_hoe.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_ingot.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_leggings.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_shovel.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_sword.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.time_door.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Timewood Door
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.torchberries.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT Torchberries
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.tower_key.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tower Key
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.trans_door.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Transwood Door
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.transformation_powder.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Transformation Powder
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.triple_bow.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Tri-bow
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.trophy.*                                               # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Trophy
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.twilight_oak_door.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Twilight Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.twilight_scepter.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.yeti_boots.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.yeti_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.yeti_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.yeti_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.zombie_scepter.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.craft.whoosh.transporter.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Transporter (Basic)
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.er_card.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Extreme Reactor Card
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.er_kit.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Extreme Reactor Kit
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.fluid_card.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Card
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.fluid_kit.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Fluid Kit
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.forge_energy_card.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Forge Energy Card
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.forge_energy_kit.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Forge Energy Kit
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.ic2_energy_storage_card.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT EU Energy Card
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.ic2_energy_storage_kit.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT EU Energy Kit
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_card.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT EU Reactor Card
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_kit.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT EU Reactor Kit
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.image_card.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.worldcontrol.image_card.name
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.remote_panel.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.thermometer.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thermometer
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.time_card.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT Time Card
fe.protection.craft.worldcontrol.upgrade_cards.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Range Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.wrcbe.empty_map.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.craft.wrcbe.map.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.craft.wrcbe.material.*                                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.craft.wrcbe.p_sniffer.*                                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Private Sniffer
fe.protection.craft.wrcbe.remote.*                                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Remote
fe.protection.craft.wrcbe.rep.*                                                           # (default: true) CRAFT REP
fe.protection.craft.wrcbe.sniffer.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.craft.wrcbe.tracker.*                                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.craft.wrcbe.triangulator.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.craft.wrcbe.wireless_logic.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.alkahestry_tome.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.alkahestry_tome.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.angelheart_vial.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.angelic_feather.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.attraction_potion.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.attraction_potion.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.bullet.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.bullet_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.destruction_catalyst.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.emperor_chalice.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.ender_staff.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.fertile_potion.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.fertile_potion.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.fortune_coin.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.glacial_staff.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.glowing_bread.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.glowing_water.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.gun_part.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.gun_part_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.handgun.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.handgun.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.harvest_rod.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.hero_medallion.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.holy_hand_grenade.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.ice_magus_rod.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.infernal_chalice.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.infernal_claws.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.infernal_tear.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.kraken_shell.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.lantern_of_paranoia.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.magazine.*                                                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.magazine_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.magicbane.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.magicbane.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.mercy_cross.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.midas_touchstone.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mob_charm.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.mob_charm_-1.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mob_charm_belt.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.mob_charm_belt.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mob_charm_fragment.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.mob_charm_fragment_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.mob_ingredient_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.phoenix_down.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.potion.*                                                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.potion_empty.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.potion_essence.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.potion_essence.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.pyromancer_staff.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rending_gale.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.rod_of_lyssa.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.salamander_eye.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.serpent_staff.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.shears_of_winter.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.sojourner_staff.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.tipped_arrow.*                                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.twilight_cloak.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.void_tear.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.void_tear.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.witch_hat.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.witherless_rose.name
fe.protection.craft.zerocore.debugtool.*                                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Tool
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.itemcardnfc.*                                         # (default: true) CRAFT NFC Card
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.itemprivatecardnfc.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Private NFC Card
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.logo.*                                                # (default: true) CRAFT Zetta Industries
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.mailmanupgrade.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mailman Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.smartcard.*                                           # (default: true) CRAFT Smart Card [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.zettaindustries.smartcardterminal.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Smart Card Terminal [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.*                                                                     # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.additionalpipes.dog_deaggravator.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dog Deaggravator
fe.protection.exist.advanced_machines.sharp_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sharpened Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.advanced_solar_panels.advancedsolarhelmet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.advanced_solar_panels.crafting.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sunnarium
fe.protection.exist.advanced_solar_panels.hybridsolarhelmet.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.advanced_solar_panels.ultimatesolarhelmet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Ultimate Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ae2stuff.visualiser.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.exist.ae2stuff.wireless_kit.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.exist.akashictome.tome.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Akashic Tome
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.biometric_card.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biometric Card
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_axe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_cutting_knife.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_hoe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_spade.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_sword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_wrench.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.charged_staff.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Charged Staff
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.color_applicator.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.creative_storage_cell.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.crystal_seed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.dummy_fluid_item.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Water
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.encoded_pattern.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.entropy_manipulator.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.facade.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cable Facade
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_16k.*                          # (default: true) EXIST §a16k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_1k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §61k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_4k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §e4k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_64k.*                          # (default: true) EXIST §b64k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.material.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.matter_cannon.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Matter Cannon
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.memory_card.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Memory Card
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_axe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_cutting_knife.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_hoe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_spade.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_sword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_wrench.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.network_tool.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Network Tool
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.paint_ball.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.part.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.portable_cell.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Portable Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_128_cubed.*                  # (default: true) EXIST §d128³§r  Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_16_cubed.*                   # (default: true) EXIST §916³§r Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_2_cubed.*                    # (default: true) EXIST §62³§r Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_16k.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §a16k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_1k.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §61k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_4k.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §e4k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_64k.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §b64k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.view_cell.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST View Cell
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.wireless_crafting_terminal.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.wireless_pattern_terminal.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Pattern Terminal
fe.protection.exist.appliedenergistics2.wireless_terminal.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.exist.aroma1997sdimension.dimensionchanger.*                                # (default: true) EXIST DimensionChanger
fe.protection.exist.aroma1997sdimension.miningmultitool.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mining Multitool
fe.protection.exist.backpack.backpack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Small Backpack
fe.protection.exist.backpack.backpack_frame.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Frame
fe.protection.exist.backpack.backpack_piece.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Top Backpack Piece
fe.protection.exist.backpack.bound_leather.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bound Leather
fe.protection.exist.backpack.stick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stone Stick
fe.protection.exist.backpack.tanned_leather.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tanned Leather
fe.protection.exist.baubles.ring.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Ring
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Atlas
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Atlas Plate
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Chase
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Clipboard
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lock and Key
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Screw Gun
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Reading Glasses
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Big Writing Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.compass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Eternal Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Framing Board
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Framing Saw
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Framing Sheet
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hand Drill
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.maptool.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Drafting Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Painting Canvas
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Plumb line
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.printplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Plate
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Slotted Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.tape.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.dustblutonium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blutonium Dust
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.dustcyanite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cyanite Dust
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.dustgraphite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Graphite Dust
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.dustludicrite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ludicrite Dust
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.duststeel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steel Dust
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.dustyellorium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.ingotblutonium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blutonium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.ingotcyanite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cyanite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.ingotgraphite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Graphite Bar
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.ingotludicrite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ludicrite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.ingotsteel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.ingotyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.mineralanglesite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Anglesite (PbSO4)
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.mineralbenitoite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Benitoite (BaTiSi3O9)
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.reactorcasingcores.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Casing Core (Legacy)
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.turbinehousingcores.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Housing Core (Legacy)
fe.protection.exist.bigreactors.wrench.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Extreme Wrench
fe.protection.exist.binniecore.cylinder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Empty Cylinder
fe.protection.exist.binniecore.field_kit.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Field Kit
fe.protection.exist.binniecore.genesis.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Genesis
fe.protection.exist.binniecore.glass.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Empty Bottle
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.ash.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pile of Ashes
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.berries.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Berry
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.biome_essence.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Biome Essence
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.biome_finder.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Biome Finder
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.black_dye.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Black Dye
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.blue_dye.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blue Dye
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_cherry.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_ebony.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ebony Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_ethereal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ethereal Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_eucalyptus.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Eucalyptus Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_fir.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fir Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_hellbark.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hellbark Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_jacaranda.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Jacaranda Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_magic.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Magic Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_mahogany.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mahogany Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_mangrove.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mangrove Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_palm.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Palm Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_pine.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pine Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_redwood.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redwood Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_sacred_oak.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_umbran.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Umbran Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_willow.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Willow Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.brown_dye.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Brown Dye
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.cherry_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.crystal_shard.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Crystal Shard
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.earth.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Earth
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.ebony_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ebony Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ethereal Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.filled_honeycomb.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Filled Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.fir_door.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fir Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.fleshchunk.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chunk of Flesh
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.gem.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.green_dye.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Green Dye
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hellbark Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.honeycomb.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Jacaranda Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.jar_empty.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Empty Jar
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.jar_filled.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Honey Jar
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.magic_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Magic Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mahogany Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mangrove Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mud Brick
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mudball.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mud Ball
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.palm_door.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Palm Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.peach.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peach
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.pear.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pear
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.persimmon.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.pine_door.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pine Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.record_wanderer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.redwood_door.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Redwood Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.ricebowl.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bowl of Rice
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.shroompowder.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shroom Powder
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.terrestrial_artifact.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Terrestrial Artifact
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.umbran_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Umbran Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.white_dye.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST White Dye
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.willow_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Willow Door
fe.protection.exist.blockcraftery.editable_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Framed Door
fe.protection.exist.blockcraftery.editable_door_reinforced.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Framed Door
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.activation_crystal.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.alchemic_vial.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.bloodmagic.alchemic_vial.base.name
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.altar_maker.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Altar Maker
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.arcane_ashes.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Ashes
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.base_fluid_filter.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Filter
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.base_item_filter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Precise Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.blood_orb.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.bloodmagic.orb.name
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.blood_shard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.bound_axe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bound Axe
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.bound_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.bound_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bound Shovel
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.bound_sword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bound Blade
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.component.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Water Reagent
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.cutting_fluid.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Basic Cutting Fluid
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.dagger_of_sacrifice.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.demon_will_gauge.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Demon Will Aura Gauge
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.experience_tome.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tome of Peritia
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.icarus_scroll.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Scroll of Icarus
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.inscription_tool.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.bloodmagic.scribe.blank.name
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.item_demon_crystal.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Demon Will Crystal
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.lava_crystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lava Crystal
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.living_armour_boots.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Living Boots
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.living_armour_chest.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Living Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.living_armour_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Living Helmet
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.living_armour_leggings.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Living Leggings
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.monster_soul.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Will
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.node_router.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Node Router
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.pack_sacrifice.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Coat of Arms
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.pack_self_sacrifice.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.points_upgrade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Draft of Angelus
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.potion_flask.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Potion Flask
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.ritual_dismantler.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.ritual_diviner.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.ritual_reader.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ritual Tinkerer
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sacrificial_dagger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sacrificial Dagger
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sanguine_book.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Inspectoris Scandalum
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_boots.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sentient Boots
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_chest.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sentient Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_gem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sentient Armour Gem
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sentient Helmet
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_leggings.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sentient Leggings
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sentient_axe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sentient Axe
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sentient_bow.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sentient Bow
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sentient_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sentient Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sentient_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sentient Shovel
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sentient_sword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sentient Sword
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_air.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Air Sigil
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_blood_light.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_bounce.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Elasticity
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_claw.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Claw
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_compression.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_divination.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Divination Sigil
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_elemental_affinity.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_ender_severance.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_fast_miner.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_frost.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Winter's Breath
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_green_grove.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_haste.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_holding.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_lava.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lava Sigil
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_magnetism.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_phantom_bridge.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_seer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Seer's Sigil
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_suppression.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of Suppression
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_teleposition.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Teleposition Sigil
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_transposition.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Transposition Sigil
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_void.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Void Sigil
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_water.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Water Sigil
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.sigil_whirlwind.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.slate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blank Slate
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.soul_gem.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Petty Tartaric Gem
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.soul_snare.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rudimentary Snare
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.teleposition_focus.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.upgrade_tome.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Living Armour Upgrade Tome
fe.protection.exist.bloodmagic.upgrade_trainer.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Living Armour Training Bracelet
fe.protection.exist.botania.ancientwill.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Will of Ahrim
fe.protection.exist.botania.astrolabe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Worldshaper's Astrolabe
fe.protection.exist.botania.auraring.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Band of Aura
fe.protection.exist.botania.auraringgreater.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Greater Band of Aura
fe.protection.exist.botania.autocraftinghalo.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Manufactory Halo
fe.protection.exist.botania.balancecloak.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cloak of Balance
fe.protection.exist.botania.baublebox.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bauble Case
fe.protection.exist.botania.blackholetalisman.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Hole Talisman
fe.protection.exist.botania.blacklotus.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Black Lotus
fe.protection.exist.botania.bloodpendant.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tainted Blood Pendant
fe.protection.exist.botania.brewflask.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flask of Fallback (§l6§r)
fe.protection.exist.botania.brewvial.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vial of Fallback (§l4§r)
fe.protection.exist.botania.cacophonium.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cacophonium
fe.protection.exist.botania.clip.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lens Clip
fe.protection.exist.botania.cloudpendant.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cirrus Amulet
fe.protection.exist.botania.cobblerod.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Depths
fe.protection.exist.botania.corporeaspark.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Corporea Spark
fe.protection.exist.botania.cosmetic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Black Bowtie
fe.protection.exist.botania.craftinghalo.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Assembly Halo
fe.protection.exist.botania.craftpattern.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Pattern #1: 1x1
fe.protection.exist.botania.crystalbow.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Bow
fe.protection.exist.botania.dice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dice of Fate
fe.protection.exist.botania.dirtrod.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Lands
fe.protection.exist.botania.divacharm.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Charm of the Diva
fe.protection.exist.botania.diviningrod.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Plentiful Mantle
fe.protection.exist.botania.dodgering.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Dexterous Motion
fe.protection.exist.botania.dye.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Floral White Powder
fe.protection.exist.botania.elementiumaxe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Axe
fe.protection.exist.botania.elementiumboots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Boots
fe.protection.exist.botania.elementiumchest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.botania.elementiumhelm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.botania.elementiumhelmreveal.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.botania.elementiumlegs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.botania.elementiumpick.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.botania.elementiumshears.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Shears
fe.protection.exist.botania.elementiumshovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.botania.elementiumsword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Sword
fe.protection.exist.botania.enderdagger.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Soulscribe
fe.protection.exist.botania.enderhand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hand of Ender
fe.protection.exist.botania.exchangerod.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Shifting Crust
fe.protection.exist.botania.fertilizer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Floral Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.botania.firerod.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Hells
fe.protection.exist.botania.flighttiara.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Flügel Tiara
fe.protection.exist.botania.flowerbag.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pouch
fe.protection.exist.botania.flugeleye.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Eye of the Flügel
fe.protection.exist.botania.gaiahead.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gaia Guardian's Head
fe.protection.exist.botania.glasspick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vitreous Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.botania.goddesscharm.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Benevolent Goddess' Charm
fe.protection.exist.botania.grasshorn.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Horn of the Wild
fe.protection.exist.botania.grassseeds.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pasture Seeds
fe.protection.exist.botania.gravityrod.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Shaded Mesa
fe.protection.exist.botania.holycloak.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cloak of Virtue
fe.protection.exist.botania.icependant.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Snowflake Pendant
fe.protection.exist.botania.incensestick.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Incense Stick
fe.protection.exist.botania.infinitefruit.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST The Fruit of Grisaia
fe.protection.exist.botania.invisibilitycloak.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Invisibility Cloak
fe.protection.exist.botania.itemfinder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST The Spectator
fe.protection.exist.botania.keepivy.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Resolute Ivy
fe.protection.exist.botania.kingkey.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Key of the King's Law
fe.protection.exist.botania.knockbackbelt.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tectonic Girdle
fe.protection.exist.botania.laputashard.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shard of Laputa
fe.protection.exist.botania.lavapendant.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pyroclast Pendant
fe.protection.exist.botania.lens.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mana Lens
fe.protection.exist.botania.lexicon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lexica Botania
fe.protection.exist.botania.livingwoodbow.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Livingwood Bow
fe.protection.exist.botania.lokiring.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Loki
fe.protection.exist.botania.magnetring.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.exist.botania.magnetringgreater.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Greater Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.exist.botania.manabottle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mana in a Bottle
fe.protection.exist.botania.manacookie.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biscuit of Totality
fe.protection.exist.botania.managun.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mana Blaster
fe.protection.exist.botania.manainkwell.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Botanurgist's Inkwell
fe.protection.exist.botania.manamirror.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mana Mirror
fe.protection.exist.botania.manaresource.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.botania.manaring.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Band of Mana
fe.protection.exist.botania.manaringgreater.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Greater Band of Mana
fe.protection.exist.botania.manasteelaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Axe
fe.protection.exist.botania.manasteelboots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Boots
fe.protection.exist.botania.manasteelchest.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.botania.manasteelhelm.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.botania.manasteelhelmreveal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.botania.manasteellegs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.botania.manasteelpick.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.botania.manasteelshears.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Shears
fe.protection.exist.botania.manasteelshovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.botania.manasteelsword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Sword
fe.protection.exist.botania.manatablet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mana Tablet
fe.protection.exist.botania.manaweaveboots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Manaweave Boots
fe.protection.exist.botania.manaweavechest.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Manaweave Robe Top
fe.protection.exist.botania.manaweavehelm.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Manaweave Cowl
fe.protection.exist.botania.manaweavelegs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Manaweave Robe Bottom
fe.protection.exist.botania.miningring.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ring of the Mantle
fe.protection.exist.botania.missilerod.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Unstable Reservoir
fe.protection.exist.botania.monocle.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Manaseer Monocle
fe.protection.exist.botania.obediencestick.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Floral Obedience Stick
fe.protection.exist.botania.odinring.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Odin
fe.protection.exist.botania.openbucket.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Extrapolated Bucket
fe.protection.exist.botania.overgrowthseed.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Overgrowth Seed
fe.protection.exist.botania.pestleandmortar.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pestle and Mortar
fe.protection.exist.botania.petal.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mystical White Petal
fe.protection.exist.botania.phantomink.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Phantom Ink
fe.protection.exist.botania.pinkinator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST The Pinkinator
fe.protection.exist.botania.pixiering.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Great Fairy Ring
fe.protection.exist.botania.poolminecart.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Mana Pool
fe.protection.exist.botania.quartz.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.exist.botania.rainbowrod.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Bifrost
fe.protection.exist.botania.reachring.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Far Reach
fe.protection.exist.botania.recordgaia1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.botania.recordgaia2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.botania.rune.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rune of Water
fe.protection.exist.botania.sextant.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Worldshaper's Sextant
fe.protection.exist.botania.skydirtrod.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Highlands
fe.protection.exist.botania.slimebottle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Slime in a Bottle
fe.protection.exist.botania.slingshot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Livingwood Slingshot
fe.protection.exist.botania.smeltrod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Molten Core
fe.protection.exist.botania.spark.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spark
fe.protection.exist.botania.sparkupgrade.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spark Augment: Dispersive
fe.protection.exist.botania.spawnermover.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Life Aggregator
fe.protection.exist.botania.speedupbelt.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Planestrider's Sash
fe.protection.exist.botania.spellcloth.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.exist.botania.starsword.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Starcaller
fe.protection.exist.botania.supercloudpendant.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nimbus Amulet
fe.protection.exist.botania.superlavapendant.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Pendant
fe.protection.exist.botania.supertravelbelt.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Globetrotter's Sash
fe.protection.exist.botania.swapring.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Correction
fe.protection.exist.botania.temperancestone.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone of Temperance
fe.protection.exist.botania.terraaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Terra Truncator
fe.protection.exist.botania.terraformrod.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Terra Firma
fe.protection.exist.botania.terrapick.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Terra Shatterer
fe.protection.exist.botania.terrasteelboots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Boots
fe.protection.exist.botania.terrasteelchest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.botania.terrasteelhelm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.botania.terrasteelhelmreveal.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.botania.terrasteellegs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.botania.terrasword.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Terra Blade
fe.protection.exist.botania.thirdeye.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Third Eye
fe.protection.exist.botania.thornchakram.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thorn Chakram
fe.protection.exist.botania.thorring.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Thor
fe.protection.exist.botania.thundersword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Thundercaller
fe.protection.exist.botania.tinyplanet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Planet
fe.protection.exist.botania.tornadorod.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Skies
fe.protection.exist.botania.travelbelt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Soujourner's Sash
fe.protection.exist.botania.twigwand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wand of the Forest
fe.protection.exist.botania.unholycloak.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cloak of Sin
fe.protection.exist.botania.vial.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Managlass Vial
fe.protection.exist.botania.vineball.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vine Ball
fe.protection.exist.botania.virus.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Necrodermal Virus
fe.protection.exist.botania.waterbowl.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bowl of Water
fe.protection.exist.botania.waterring.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Chordata
fe.protection.exist.botania.waterrod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rod of the Seas
fe.protection.exist.botania.worldseed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST World Seed
fe.protection.exist.botany.botanist_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Botanist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.botany.clay.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Aquamarine Clay
fe.protection.exist.botany.database.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Botanist Database
fe.protection.exist.botany.insulated_tube.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Clay Insulated Electron Tube
fe.protection.exist.botany.itemflower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.exist.botany.misc.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ash Powder
fe.protection.exist.botany.misc_ceramic.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mortar
fe.protection.exist.botany.pigment.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Aquamarine Pigment
fe.protection.exist.botany.pollen.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.exist.botany.seed.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.exist.botany.soil_meter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soil Meter
fe.protection.exist.botany.trowel_diamond.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Trowel
fe.protection.exist.botany.trowel_gold.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gold Trowel
fe.protection.exist.botany.trowel_iron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Trowel
fe.protection.exist.botany.trowel_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Trowel
fe.protection.exist.botany.trowel_wood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Trowel
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftbuilders.filler_planner.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.buildcraft.filler_planner.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftbuilders.schematic_single.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.schematicSingle.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftbuilders.snapshot.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.templateItem.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.fragile_fluid_shard.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.fragile_fluid_shard.name [ERROR! NULL FLUID!]
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.gear_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.diamondGearItem.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.gear_gold.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.goldGearItem.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.gear_iron.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.ironGearItem.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.gear_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.stoneGearItem.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.gear_wood.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.woodenGearItem.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.list.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.list.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.map_location.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.mapLocation.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.marker_connector.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.markerConnector.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.paintbrush.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.paintbrush.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.volume_box.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.volume_box.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftcore.wrench.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.wrenchItem.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftenergy.glob_of_oil.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.globOil.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftfactory.gel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.gel.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftfactory.water_gel_spawn.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.waterGel.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftlib.debugger.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.debugger.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftlib.guide.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.buildcraft.guide.name§r
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftlib.guide_note.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.buildcraft.guide_note.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftsilicon.gate_copier.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.gateCopier.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftsilicon.plug_facade.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.Facade.name: Air
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftsilicon.plug_gate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST gate.name.basic
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftsilicon.plug_lens.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST §0§7Black§r item.Lens.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftsilicon.plug_light_sensor.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.light_sensor.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftsilicon.plug_pulsar.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.pulsar.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcraftsilicon.redstone_chipset.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.redstone_red_chipset.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcrafttransport.plug_blocker.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.PipePlug.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcrafttransport.plug_power_adaptor.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.PipePowerAdapter.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcrafttransport.waterproof.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.pipeWaterproof.name
fe.protection.exist.buildcrafttransport.wire.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST §z§0§fWhite§r item.pipeWire.name
fe.protection.exist.cfm.ceiling_fan_fans.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.ceiling_fan_fans.name
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_bread_slice.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bread Slice
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_cool_pack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cooling Pack
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_crayfish.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.item_crayfish.name
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_crow_bar.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crow Bar
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_cup.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cup
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_drink.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.item_drink.name
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_envelope.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Envelope
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_envelope_signed.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.item_envelope_signed.name
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_flesh.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flesh
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_flesh_cooked.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Flesh
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_hammer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hammer
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_ink_cartridge.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ink Cartridge
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_kebab.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Kebab
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_kebab_cooked.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Kebab
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_knife.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Knife
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_log.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chopped Log
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_package.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Package
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_package_signed.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.item_package_signed.name
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_recipe_book.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_sausage.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sausage
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_sausage_cooked.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Sausage
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_soap.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Soap
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_soap_water.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Soapy Water
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_spatula.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Spatula
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_super_soap_water.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Super Soapy Water
fe.protection.exist.cfm.item_toast.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Toast
fe.protection.exist.cfm.tv_remote.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST TV Remote
fe.protection.exist.charset.barrelcart.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Barrel Cart
fe.protection.exist.charset.icon.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST a
fe.protection.exist.charset.pockettable.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pocket Crafting Table
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST iChisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_iron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.offsettool.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chiseled Bit Bag
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.bitsaw_diamond.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bit Saw
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chiseled Bit
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.mirrorprint.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mirror Chisel Design
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.negativeprint.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Negative Chisel Design
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.positiveprint.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Positive Chisel Design
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.tape_measure.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.wrench_wood.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Wrench
fe.protection.exist.comforts.hammock.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST White Hammock Cloth
fe.protection.exist.comforts.sleeping_bag.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST White Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.exist.compactsolars.solar_hat_high_voltage.*                                # (default: true) EXIST High Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.exist.compactsolars.solar_hat_low_voltage.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Low Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.exist.compactsolars.solar_hat_medium_voltage.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Medium Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.exist.computercraft.disk.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Floppy Disk
fe.protection.exist.computercraft.disk_expanded.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Floppy Disk
fe.protection.exist.computercraft.pocket_computer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pocket Computer
fe.protection.exist.computercraft.printout.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Printed Page
fe.protection.exist.computercraft.treasure_disk.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Floppy Disk
fe.protection.exist.computronics.forestry_parts.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Caustic Comb
fe.protection.exist.computronics.oc_parts.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.computronics.oc_special_parts.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.exist.computronics.parts.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tape Track
fe.protection.exist.computronics.portable_tape_drive.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.exist.computronics.relay_sensor.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.exist.computronics.tape.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cassette Tape
fe.protection.exist.conarm.armor_plate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Armor Plates
fe.protection.exist.conarm.armor_trim.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Armor Trim
fe.protection.exist.conarm.book.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Materials and You - Armory Addendum
fe.protection.exist.conarm.boots.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Boots
fe.protection.exist.conarm.boots_core.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Boots Core
fe.protection.exist.conarm.chest_core.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chestplate Core
fe.protection.exist.conarm.chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.conarm.frosty_soles.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Frosty Soles
fe.protection.exist.conarm.gauntlet_mat.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gauntlet (Base)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.gauntlet_mat_attack.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Gauntlet of Power
fe.protection.exist.conarm.gauntlet_mat_reach.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gauntlet of Far Reach
fe.protection.exist.conarm.gauntlet_mat_speed.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Gauntlet of Dexterity
fe.protection.exist.conarm.helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Helmet
fe.protection.exist.conarm.helmet_core.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Helmet Core
fe.protection.exist.conarm.invisible_ink.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Invisible Ink
fe.protection.exist.conarm.leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Leggings
fe.protection.exist.conarm.leggings_core.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Leggings Core
fe.protection.exist.conarm.polishing_kit.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Polishing Kit
fe.protection.exist.conarm.resist_mat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Resistance
fe.protection.exist.conarm.resist_mat_blast.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Blast Resistance
fe.protection.exist.conarm.resist_mat_fire.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fire Resistance
fe.protection.exist.conarm.resist_mat_proj.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Projectile Resistance
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_belt.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Belt (Storage)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_belt_base.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Belt (Base)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_cloak.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Cloak (Base)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_goggles.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles (Zoom)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_goggles_base.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles (Base)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_night.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles (Night Vision)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_potion.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Belt (Alchemy)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_sack.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Knapsack
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_slowfall.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Cloak (Slow Fall)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_sneak.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Cloak (Invisibility)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_soul.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles (Soul Sight)
fe.protection.exist.cookingforblockheads.heating_unit.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Heating Unit
fe.protection.exist.cookingforblockheads.ice_unit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ice Unit
fe.protection.exist.cookingforblockheads.preservation_chamber.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Preservation Chamber
fe.protection.exist.cookingforblockheads.recipe_book.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooking for Blockheads
fe.protection.exist.culinaryconstruct.sandwich.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.doge.doge_axe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST many chop
fe.protection.exist.doge.doge_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST wow shoes
fe.protection.exist.doge.doge_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST much chest armor
fe.protection.exist.doge.doge_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST many protect face
fe.protection.exist.doge.doge_hoe.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST very farm
fe.protection.exist.doge.doge_launcher.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Doge Launcher
fe.protection.exist.doge.doge_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST very leg defend
fe.protection.exist.doge.doge_pickaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST such mine
fe.protection.exist.doge.doge_shovel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST much dig
fe.protection.exist.doge.doge_sword.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST wow attack
fe.protection.exist.doge.dogecoin.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dogecoin
fe.protection.exist.doge.gpu.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST GPU
fe.protection.exist.enderio.block_dark_steel_door.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.exist.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_door.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Painted Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.exist.enderio.block_painted_iron_door.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Painted Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.enderio.block_painted_wooden_door.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Painted Wooden Door
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_advanced_item_filter.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_alloy_ball.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel Grinding Ball
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_ball.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crude Steel Grinding Ball
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_ingot.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crude Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_nugget.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crude Steel Nugget
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_alloy_ingot.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_alloy_nugget.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel Nugget
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_basic_capacitor.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_basic_item_filter.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_big_advanced_item_filter.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Big Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_big_item_filter.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Big Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_broken_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Broken Spawner
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_cold_fire_igniter.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cold Fire Igniter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_conduit_facade.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Conduit Facade
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_conduit_probe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Conduit Probe
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_coord_selector.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_axe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dark Axe
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_boots.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dark Boots
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_bow.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dark Bow
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dark Plate
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_crook.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dark Crook
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_hand.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dark Backhoe
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dark Helm
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_leggings.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dark Leggings
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dark Pick
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_shears.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dark Shears
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_shield.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dark Shield
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_sword.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST The Ender
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_treetap.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dark Treetap
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_dark_steel_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blank Dark Steel Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_data_conduit.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Data Conduit
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_enchantment_filter_big.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Big Enchantment Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_enchantment_filter_normal.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Enchantment Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_end_steel_axe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ender Axe
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_end_steel_boots.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ender Boots
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_end_steel_bow.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ender Bow
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_end_steel_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ender Plate
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_end_steel_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ender Helm
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_end_steel_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ender Leggings
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_end_steel_pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_end_steel_shield.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ender Shield
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_end_steel_sword.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST The Ender Mk2
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_ender_food.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST "Enderios"
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_enderface.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Enderface
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_existing_item_filter.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_extract_speed_downgrade.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Extract Speed Downgrade
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_extract_speed_upgrade.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Extract Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_fluid_filter.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Basic Fluid Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_gas_conduit.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gas Conduit
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_inventory_charger.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Charger
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_inventory_charger_basic.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Basic Inventory Charger
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_inventory_charger_simple.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Simple Inventory Charger
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_inventory_charger_vibrant.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Vibrant Inventory Charger
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_inventory_remote.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Panel Remote
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_item_conduit.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Item Conduit
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_limited_item_filter.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Limited Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_liquid_conduit.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_location_printout.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Location Printout
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_magnet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Electromagnet
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_material.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Simple Machine Chassis
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_me_conduit.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST ME Conduit
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_mod_item_filter.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_opencomputers_conduit.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST OC Conduit
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_owl_egg.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Owl Egg
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_power_conduit.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Energy Conduit
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_power_item_filter.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Power Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_and_filter.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redstone AND Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_conduit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_counting_filter.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Counting Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_nand_filter.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Redstone NAND Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_nor_filter.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redstone NOR Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_not_filter.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redstone NOT Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_or_filter.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Redstone OR Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_sensor_filter.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Sensor Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_timer_filter.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Timer Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_toggle_filter.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Toggle Latch Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_xnor_filter.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Redstone XNOR Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_redstone_xor_filter.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Redstone XOR Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_rod_of_return.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rod of Return
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_soul_filter_big.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Big Soul Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_soul_filter_normal.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Soul Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_soul_vial.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Soul Vial
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_species_item_filter.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Species Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_staff_of_levity.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Staff of Levity
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_travel_staff.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_xp_transfer.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Experience Rod
fe.protection.exist.enderio.item_yeta_wrench.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.exist.enderstorage.ender_pouch.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pouch
fe.protection.exist.eplus.table_upgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Table Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.advanced_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.basic_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Basic Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.conductive_iron_exchanger.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Conductive Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.creative_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.crude_steel_exchanger.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crude Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.crystalline_exchanger.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crystalline Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.dark_steel_exchanger.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dark Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.diamond_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier1.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier2.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier3.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier1.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier2.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier3.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.electrical_steel_exchanger.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.elite_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Elite Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.emerald_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.end_exchanger.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST End Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.end_steel_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST End Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.energetic_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Energetic Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.energetic_silver_exchanger.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Energetic Silver Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier1.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier2.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier3.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.golden_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.hardened_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.hv_exchanger.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST HV Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier1.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier2.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier3.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.iron_exchanger.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.leadstone_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Leadstone Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.lv_exchanger.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST LV Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier1.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier2.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier3.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.melodic_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Melodic Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.mv_exchanger.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST MV Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.obsidian_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.pulsating_iron_exchanger.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pulsating Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.reinforced_exchanger.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.resonant_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Resonant Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.signalum_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Signalum Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.stellar_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Stellar Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.stone_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier1.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier2.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier3.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.tuberous_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tuberous Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.ultimate_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ultimate Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.vibrant_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vibrant Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.vivid_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Vivid Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.exchangers.wooden_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.dictionary.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist Database
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.hive_frame.cage.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Restraint Frame
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.hive_frame.clay.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Healing Frame
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.hive_frame.cocoa.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Frame
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.hive_frame.debug.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Nova Frame
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.hive_frame.soul.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Soul Frame
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.honey_comb.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Barren Comb
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.honey_crystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Depleted Honey Crystal
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.honey_drop.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Energy Drop
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.misc.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Scented Gear
fe.protection.exist.extrabees.propolis.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Watery Propolis
fe.protection.exist.extracells.fluid.item.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST null
fe.protection.exist.extracells.gas.item.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST null
fe.protection.exist.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.exist.extracells.part.base.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.exist.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.exist.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST ME Fluid Pattern
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.casing.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.component.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST ME 1k Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.gas.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST ME 1k Gas Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.exist.extracells.storage.physical.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST ME 256k Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.exist.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Universal Terminal - Item
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.advanced_battery.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Battery
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.anti_radiation.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Anti-Rad
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.blue_diamond_axe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Blue Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.blue_diamond_boots.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.blue_diamond_chest.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.blue_diamond_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blue Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.blue_diamond_hoe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Blue Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.blue_diamond_legings.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blue Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.blue_diamond_pickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blue Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.blue_diamond_shovel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blue Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.blue_diamond_sword.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blue Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.canned_food.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Can of Food
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.caramel_bar.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Caramel Bar
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.chocolate_bar.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.cloth.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wool Cloth
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.compressed_mercury.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Mercury
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.electric_parts.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Battery
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.enviro_emergency_kit.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Environment Emergency Kit
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.geiger_counter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Geiger Counter
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.gravity_controller.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Gravity Controller
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.green_diamond_axe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Green Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.green_diamond_boots.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.green_diamond_chest.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.green_diamond_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Green Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.green_diamond_hoe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Green Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.green_diamond_legings.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Green Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.green_diamond_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Green Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.green_diamond_shovel.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Green Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.green_diamond_sword.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.ingot_lead.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Galena Ingot
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.ingot_mercury.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Ingot
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.ingot_uranium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.iodide_salt.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iodized Salt
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.item_tier10_electric_rocket.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Tier 10 Electric Rocket
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.item_tier10_rocket.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tier 10 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.item_tier4_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.item_tier5_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tier 5 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.item_tier6_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tier 6 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.item_tier7_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tier 7 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.item_tier8_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tier 8 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.item_tier9_rocket.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tier 9 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.mars_rover.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mars Rover
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.massive_battery.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Massive Battery
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.mercury_battery.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Battery
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.module_items.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST No Fall Damage Module
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.nickel_battery.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Battery
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier10.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tier 10 Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier4.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier5.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tier 5 Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier6.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tier 6 Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier7.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tier 7 Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier8.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tier 8 Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier9.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tier 9 Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_extremely_heavy_full.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Extremely Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_black.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_blue.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_brown.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_cyan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_gray.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_green.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_light_gray.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_lime.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_magenta.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_orange.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_pink.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_purple.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_white.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_yellow.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_black.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_blue.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_brown.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_cyan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_gray.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_green.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_light_gray.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_magenta.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_orange.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_pink.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_purple.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_red.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_white.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_yellow.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_black.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_blue.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_brown.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_cyan.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_gray.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_green.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_light_blue.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_light_gray.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_lime.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_magenta.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_pink.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_purple.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_red.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_white.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_yellow.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_very_heavy_full.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Very Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.potash_shards.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Potash Shard
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.potassium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Potassium
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.potassium_iodide.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Potassium Iodide
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.purple_diamond_axe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Purple Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.purple_diamond_boots.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purple Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.purple_diamond_chest.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purple Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.purple_diamond_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purple Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.purple_diamond_hoe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Purple Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.purple_diamond_legings.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purple Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.purple_diamond_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purple Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.purple_diamond_shovel.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purple Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.purple_diamond_sword.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purple Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.red_diamond_axe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Red Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.red_diamond_boots.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.red_diamond_chest.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.red_diamond_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Red Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.red_diamond_hoe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Red Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.red_diamond_legings.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.red_diamond_pickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.red_diamond_shovel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Red Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.red_diamond_sword.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Red Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.schematic_mars_rover.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.schematic_tier10.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.schematic_tier10_electric_rocket.*                       # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.schematic_tier4.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.schematic_tier5.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.schematic_tier6.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.schematic_tier7.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.schematic_tier8.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.schematic_tier9.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.schematic_venus_rover.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.t10key.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tier 10 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.t4key.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.t5key.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 5 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.t6key.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 6 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.t7key.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 7 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.t8key.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 8 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.t9key.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 9 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.thermal_cloth.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Thermal Cloth
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_boots.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Temporary Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_chest.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Temporary Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_helmet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Temporary Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_legings.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Temporary Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier10_items.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tier 10 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier11_items.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blue Diamond
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_armor_layer.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Armour Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_kit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Full Kit
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_pressure_layer.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_radiation_layer.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_boots.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_chest.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_helmet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_legings.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_armor_layer.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Armour Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_kit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Full Kit
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_pressure_layer.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_radiation_layer.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_boots.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_chest.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_helmet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Space SuitJetpack  Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_legings.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_armor_layer.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Armour Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_kit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Full Kit
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_pressure_layer.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_radiation_layer.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_boots.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_chest.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_helmet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_legings.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_thermal_padding.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_armor_layer.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Armour Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_items.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_kit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Full Kit
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_pressure_layer.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_radiation_layer.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_boots.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_chest.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_helmet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_legings.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_thermal_padding.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier5_items.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tier 5 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier5_kit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Tier 5 Full Kit
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier5_thermal_padding.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tier 5 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier6_items.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tier 6 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier7_items.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tier 7 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier8_items.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tier 8 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tier9_items.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tier 9 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.tools.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sledge Hammer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.ultimate_battery.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ultimate Battery
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.venus_rover.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Venus Rover
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.wafer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Wafer
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.white_sugar_cane_item.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST White Sugar Cane
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_axe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_boots.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_chest.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_hoe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_legings.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_shovel.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_sword.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.extraplanets.zinc_battery.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Battery
fe.protection.exist.extratrees.databaselepi.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lepidopterist Database
fe.protection.exist.extratrees.databasetree.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Arborist Database
fe.protection.exist.extratrees.drink.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Beer Mug
fe.protection.exist.extratrees.durable_hammer.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.exist.extratrees.food.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crabapple
fe.protection.exist.extratrees.hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.exist.extratrees.hops.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hops
fe.protection.exist.extratrees.misc.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sawdust
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.angelring.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Angel Ring
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.biomemarker.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Biome Marker
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.book.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Extra Utilities 2 Manual
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.boomerang.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Magical Boomerang
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.chickenring.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Wing Ring
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.compoundbow.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Compound Bow
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.contract.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Contract
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.endershard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ender Shard
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.fakecopy.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.extrautils2:fakecopy.name
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.filter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Filter
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.filterfluids.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Filter Fluids
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.fireaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fire Axe
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.flattransfernode.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flat Transfer Node (Items)
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.glasscutter.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Glass Cutter
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.goldenlasso.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Lasso
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.grocket.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Transfer Node (Items)
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.indexerremote.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Indexer Remote
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.ingredients.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Resonating Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.itembuilderswand.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Builders Wand
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.itemcreativebuilderswand.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Creative Builders Wand
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.itemcreativedestructionwand.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Creative Destruction Wand
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.itemdestructionwand.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Destruction Wand
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.lawsword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Kikoku
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.luxsaber.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lux Saber
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.magicapple.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Magical Apple
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.powermanager.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Power Manager
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.sickle_diamond.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.sickle_gold.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sickle
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.sickle_iron.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sickle
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.sickle_stone.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sickle
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.sickle_wood.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.snowglobe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Magical Snow Globe
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.suncrystal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sun Crystal
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.trowel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Trowel
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.unstableingots.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.wateringcan.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Watering Can
fe.protection.exist.extrautils2.wrench.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.garland.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Vine Garland
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.hanging_lights.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hanging Lights
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.ladder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stepladder
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.letter_bunting.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Letter Bunting
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.light.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Black Fairy Light
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.pennant.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Black Pennant
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.pennant_bunting.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pennant Bunting
fe.protection.exist.fairylights.tinsel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tinsel Garland
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.blood_rapier.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.diabolist_fork.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.distortion_pick.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.eldritch_orb.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.gluttony_shard.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.mob_crystal.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Empty Imprinting Crystals
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.morph_axe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.morph_pick.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.morph_shovel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.morph_sword.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.resourcefm.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.resourcenethershard.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Wrath Shard
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.riding_crop.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Riding Crop
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.skull_axe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.taint_charcoal.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hexcoal
fe.protection.exist.forbiddenmagicre.taint_fruit.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vintenfruit
fe.protection.exist.forestry.adventurer_bag.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Adventuring Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.adventurer_bag_t2.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Woven Adventuring Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.ambrosia.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ambrosia
fe.protection.exist.forestry.apatite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Apatite
fe.protection.exist.forestry.apiarist_bag.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.apiarist_boots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.exist.forestry.apiarist_chest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.exist.forestry.apiarist_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.exist.forestry.apiarist_legs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.exist.forestry.ash.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ash
fe.protection.exist.forestry.bee_combs.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Honey Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.bee_drone_ge.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Drone
fe.protection.exist.forestry.bee_larvae_ge.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.for.bee_larvae_ge.name
fe.protection.exist.forestry.bee_princess_ge.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Princess
fe.protection.exist.forestry.bee_queen_ge.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Queen
fe.protection.exist.forestry.beeswax.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Beeswax
fe.protection.exist.forestry.bituminous_peat.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.exist.forestry.book_forester.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Forester's Manual
fe.protection.exist.forestry.broken_bronze_pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.forestry.broken_bronze_shovel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Broken Shovel
fe.protection.exist.forestry.bronze_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.forestry.bronze_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.exist.forestry.builder_bag.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Building Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.builder_bag_t2.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Woven Building Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.butterfly_ge.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST item.for.butterfly_ge.name
fe.protection.exist.forestry.can.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Can
fe.protection.exist.forestry.capsule.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wax Capsule
fe.protection.exist.forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.exist.forestry.carton.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Carton
fe.protection.exist.forestry.catalogue.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Catalogue
fe.protection.exist.forestry.caterpillar_ge.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.for.caterpillar_ge.name
fe.protection.exist.forestry.chipsets.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.exist.forestry.cocoon_ge.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.for.cocoon_ge.name
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crafting_material.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crate.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crate
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.blockcactus.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated Cactus
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.blockprismarine.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated Prismarine
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.blockprismarinebrick.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Prismarine Bricks
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.blockprismarinedark.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Dark Prismarine
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated Cobblestone
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.cropcarrot.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Carrot
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.croppotato.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Potato
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.cropwheat.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crated Wheat
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Dirt
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.dustglowstone.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.dustredstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated Redstone
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.apatite.0.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Apatite
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.ash.0.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated Ash
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.0.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Honey Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.1.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Cocoa Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.10.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Powdery Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.14.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Wheaten Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.15.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Mossy Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.16.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Mellow Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.2.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Simmering Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.3.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Stringy Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.4.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Frozen Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.5.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Dripping Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.6.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Silky Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.7.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Parched Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.8.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Mysterious Comb
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.beeswax.0.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Beeswax
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.bog_earth.0.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Bog Earth
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.fertilizer_compound.0.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.0.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Cherry
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.1.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Walnut
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.2.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.3.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Lemon
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.4.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Plum
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.5.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Date
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.6.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Papaya
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.honeydew.0.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Honeydew
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.humus.0.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Humus
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.mulch.0.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Mulch
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.peat.0.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated Peat
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.phosphor.0.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Phosphor
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.pollen.0.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.pollen.1.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Crystalline Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.propolis.0.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Propolis
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.refractory_wax.0.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Crated Refractory Wax
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.forestry.royal_jelly.0.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated Royal Jelly
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.gravel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated Gravel
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.ic2.crafting.23.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated Scrap
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.ic2.misc_resource.3.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated UU-Matter
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.ic2.misc_resource.4.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Sticky Resin
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.ingotbronze.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.ingotcopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.ingotsilver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated Silver Ingot
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.ingottin.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Tin Ingot
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.itemrubber.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Rubber
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.apple.0.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Apple
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.brick_block.0.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated Bricks
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.clay_ball.0.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Clay
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.coal.0.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Coal
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.coal.1.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Charcoal
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.cookie.0.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Cookie
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.dirt.2.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Podzol
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.dye.4.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated Lapis Lazuli
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.0.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated Oak Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.1.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated Spruce Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.2.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated Birch Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.3.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crated Jungle Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.log2.0.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Acacia Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.log2.1.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Dark Oak Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.mycelium.0.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Mycelium
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.nether_brick.0.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.nether_wart.0.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.sand.0.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Sand
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.sand.1.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Red Sand
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.sandstone.0.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Sandstone
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.0.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Oak Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.1.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Spruce Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.2.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Birch Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.3.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Jungle Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.4.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Acacia Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.5.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crated Dark Oak Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.soul_sand.0.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Soul Sand
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.minecraft.wheat_seeds.0.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated Seeds
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.0.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Raw Imphide
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.1.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Cooked Imphide
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.10.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Potash Apple
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.11.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crated Cactus Juice
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.2.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Raspberry
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.3.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Blueberry
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.4.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Blackberry
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.5.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Maloberry
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.6.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Blightberry
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.7.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Duskberry
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.8.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Skyberry
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.9.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crated Stingberry
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.materials.0.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Barley
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.materials.1.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Barley Flour
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.materials.2.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Wheat Flour
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.materials.3.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Cotton
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.materials.4.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Sulfur
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.materials.5.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Ghostwood Fletching
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.materials.6.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Imp Leather
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.materials.7.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Flamestring
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.materials.8.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crated Blue Dye
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.0.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.1.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.2.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.0.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Ghostwood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.1.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Darkwood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.2.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Crated Fusewood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs2.0.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Bloodwood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs2.15.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Crated Bloodwood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.0.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated Ghostwood Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.1.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated Fusewood Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.2.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated Darkwood Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling2.0.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Bloodwood Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.0.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated Maple Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.1.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated Silverbell Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.2.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated Amaranth Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.3.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crated Tiger Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.0.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Willow Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.1.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Eucalyptus Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.2.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Hopseed Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.3.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Sakura Wood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.0.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Maple Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.1.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Silverbell Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.2.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Amaranth Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.3.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Tigerwood Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.0.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated Willow Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.1.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated Eucalyptus Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.2.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated Hopseed Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.3.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated Sakura Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_seeds.0.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Barley Seeds
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_seeds.1.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Cotton Seeds
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.0.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Redwood Bark
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.1.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Redwood
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.2.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Redwood Root
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_sapling.0.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Redwood Sapling
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.saguaro_fruit_item.0.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Crated Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.natura.soups.9.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crated Berry Medley
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crated Netherrack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crated Obsidian
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.stone.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Crated Stone
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.stoneandesite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crated Andesite
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.stonediorite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated Diorite
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.stonegranite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crated Granite
fe.protection.exist.forestry.crated.sugarcane.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crated Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.forestry.decaying_wheat.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.exist.forestry.digger_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Digging Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.digger_bag_t2.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Woven Digging Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.fertilizer_bio.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Compost
fe.protection.exist.forestry.fertilizer_compound.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.forestry.flexible_casing.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Flexible Casing
fe.protection.exist.forestry.forester_bag.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Foresting Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.forester_bag_t2.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Woven Foresting Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.frame_impregnated.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.exist.forestry.frame_proven.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Proven Frame
fe.protection.exist.forestry.frame_untreated.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Untreated Frame
fe.protection.exist.forestry.fruits.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cherry
fe.protection.exist.forestry.gear_bronze.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Gear
fe.protection.exist.forestry.gear_copper.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Gear
fe.protection.exist.forestry.gear_tin.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Gear
fe.protection.exist.forestry.grafter.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grafter
fe.protection.exist.forestry.grafter_proven.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Proven Grafter
fe.protection.exist.forestry.habitat_locator.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Habitat Locator
fe.protection.exist.forestry.habitat_screen.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Habitat Screen
fe.protection.exist.forestry.hardened_machine.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Casing
fe.protection.exist.forestry.honey_drop.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Honey Drop
fe.protection.exist.forestry.honey_pot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Honey Pot
fe.protection.exist.forestry.honeydew.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Honeydew
fe.protection.exist.forestry.honeyed_slice.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.exist.forestry.hunter_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hunting Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.hunter_bag_t2.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Woven Hunting Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.impregnated_casing.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.exist.forestry.imprinter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Imprinter
fe.protection.exist.forestry.ingot_bronze.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.forestry.ingot_copper.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Ingot
fe.protection.exist.forestry.ingot_tin.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tin Ingot
fe.protection.exist.forestry.iodine_capsule.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.exist.forestry.kit_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.exist.forestry.kit_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shovel Kit
fe.protection.exist.forestry.lepidopterist_bag.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.letters.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Letter
fe.protection.exist.forestry.miner_bag.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mining Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.miner_bag_t2.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Woven Mining Backpack
fe.protection.exist.forestry.mouldy_wheat.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.exist.forestry.mulch.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mulch
fe.protection.exist.forestry.naturalist_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Spectacles
fe.protection.exist.forestry.oak_stick.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.exist.forestry.peat.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Peat
fe.protection.exist.forestry.phosphor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Phosphor
fe.protection.exist.forestry.pipette.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pipette
fe.protection.exist.forestry.pollen.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.exist.forestry.pollen_fertile.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.forestry.portable_alyzer.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Portable Analyzer
fe.protection.exist.forestry.propolis.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Propolis
fe.protection.exist.forestry.refractory.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.exist.forestry.refractory_wax.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Refractory Wax
fe.protection.exist.forestry.research_note.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.exist.forestry.royal_jelly.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Royal Jelly
fe.protection.exist.forestry.sapling.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Unknown
fe.protection.exist.forestry.scoop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Scoop
fe.protection.exist.forestry.serum_ge.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.for.serum_ge.name
fe.protection.exist.forestry.smoker.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bee Smoker
fe.protection.exist.forestry.soldering_iron.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Soldering Iron
fe.protection.exist.forestry.stamps.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.exist.forestry.sturdy_machine.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.exist.forestry.thermionic_tubes.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.exist.forestry.wax_cast.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wax Cast
fe.protection.exist.forestry.wood_pulp.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wood Pulp
fe.protection.exist.forestry.wrench.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.forge.bucketfilled.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.funkylocomotion.wrench.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.air_fan.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Oxygen Fan
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.air_vent.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Oxygen Vent
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.basic_item.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Single Solar Module
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.battery.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.bucket_fuel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.buggy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Buggy
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.buggymat.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Buggy Wheel
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.canister.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tin Canister
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.canvas.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Canvas
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.cheese_curd.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cheese Curd
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.dungeonfinder.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dungeon Locator
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.emergency_kit.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Space Emergency Kit
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.engine.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.flag.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flag
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.food.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Can of Food
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.fuel_canister_partial.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Partially Filled Fuel Canister
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.heavy_plating.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.ic2compat.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.infinite_battery.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Infinite Battery
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.infinite_oxygen.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Infinite Oxygen Supply
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.item_basic_moon.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.key.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.meteor_chunk.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Meteor Chunk
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.meteoric_iron_raw.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meteoric Iron
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.nose_cone.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.oil_canister_partial.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Partially Filled Oil Canister
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.oxygen_concentrator.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Oxygen Concentrator
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.oxygen_gear.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Oxygen Gear
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.oxygen_mask.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Oxygen Mask
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_heavy_full.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_light_full.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_med_full.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.parachute.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Parachute
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.prelaunch_checklist.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Pre-Launch Checklist
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.rocket_fins.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rocket Fins
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.rocket_t1.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.schematic.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.sensor_glasses.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.sensor_lens.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sensor Lens
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.standard_wrench.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Standard Wrench
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.steel_axe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Axe
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.steel_boots.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Boots
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.steel_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.steel_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Helmet
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.steel_hoe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Hoe
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.steel_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Leggings
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.steel_pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.steel_pole.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pole
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.steel_shovel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Shovel
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftcore.steel_sword.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Duty Sword
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.astro_miner.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Astro Miner
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.atmospheric_valve.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Atmospheric Valve
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.atomic_battery.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Battery
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.basic_item_venus.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Shield Controller
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.bucket_sludge.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bacterial Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.bucket_sulphuric_acid.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Sulfuric Acid Bucket
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.canister_partial_ln2.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Canister of Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.canister_partial_lox.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Canister of Liquid Oxygen
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.carbon_fragments.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Fragmented Carbon
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.desh_axe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Desh Axe
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.desh_boots.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Desh Boots
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.desh_chestplate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Desh Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.desh_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Desh Helmet
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.desh_hoe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Desh Hoe
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.desh_leggings.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Desh Leggings
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.desh_pick.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.desh_pick_slime.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.desh_spade.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Desh Shovel
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.desh_sword.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Desh Sword
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.grapple.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Grapple
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.heavy_nose_cone.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Nose Cone
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.item_basic_asteroids.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.item_basic_mars.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Unrefined Desh
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.key.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.key_t3.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.methane_canister_partial.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Methane Gas Canister
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.orion_drive.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Orion Drive
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.rocket_t2.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tier 2 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.rocket_t3.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tier 3 Rocket
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.schematic.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.strange_seed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Strange Seed
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.thermal_padding.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.thermal_padding_t2.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Isothermal Helm
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.titanium_axe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Axe
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.titanium_boots.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Boots
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.titanium_chestplate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.titanium_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.titanium_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.titanium_leggings.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.titanium_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.titanium_shovel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.titanium_sword.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Sword
fe.protection.exist.galacticraftplanets.volcanic_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Volcanic Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.gasconduits.item_gas_filter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gas Filter
fe.protection.exist.gbook.guidebook.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Guidebook
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.apiary.upgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Production Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.bee_receptacle.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.climate_module.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Climate Control Module
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.eject_cover.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.env_processor.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Environmental Processor
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.error_sensor_cover.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.gene_sample.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST INVALID Sample - ERROR
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.gene_sample_blank.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.gene_template.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Genetic Template
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.genetics_processor.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Genetics Processor
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.hive_spawn_debugger.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.honey_comb.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST invalid.name
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.honey_drop.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST invalid.name
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.import_cover.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Item Import Cover
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.industrial_grafter.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.industrial_scoop.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.labware.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Genetics Labware
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.mutagen_tank.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.pollen_kit.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.power_module.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Power Module
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.upgrade_frame.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.exist.gendustry.waste.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Genetic Waste
fe.protection.exist.genetics.analyst.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Analyst
fe.protection.exist.genetics.geneticdatabase.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gene Database
fe.protection.exist.genetics.master_registry.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Master Registry
fe.protection.exist.genetics.misc.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Casing
fe.protection.exist.genetics.punnett_square.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Punnett Square
fe.protection.exist.genetics.registry.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Registry
fe.protection.exist.genetics.sequence.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Corrupted Sequence
fe.protection.exist.genetics.serum.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Corrupted Serum
fe.protection.exist.genetics.serum_array.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Corrupted Serum Array
fe.protection.exist.gravisuite.advancedchainsaw.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.gravisuite.advanceddrill.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Diamond Drill
fe.protection.exist.gravisuite.advancedjetpack.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.gravisuite.advancedlappack.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.exist.gravisuite.advancednanochestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Advanced NanoChestplate
fe.protection.exist.gravisuite.crafting.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Superconductor Cover
fe.protection.exist.gravisuite.gravichestplate.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.gravisuite.gravitool.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST GraviTool
fe.protection.exist.gravisuite.ultimatelappack.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.exist.gravisuite.vajra.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vajra
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft.crowbar.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST White Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft.rope.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rope
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft.salt.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rock Salt
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_apples.apple_door_item.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Apple Door
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_apples.applecider.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apple Juice
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_coal.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Charcoal
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_door_item.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Door
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stick.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Stick
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_bees.bee.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bee
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_bees.bees_wax.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST White Beeswax
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_bees.bottlefluid_honey.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Honey Bottle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_bees.honey_comb_empty.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Empty Honey Comb
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_bees.honey_comb_filled.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Full Honey Comb
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_bees.honey_jar.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Honey Jar
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_bees.mead.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mead Must
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_cellar.achievement_dummy.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Is Trouble Brewing?
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_cellar.barrel_tap.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Barrel Tap
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_cellar.brew_kettle_lid.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Kettle Lid
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_cellar.cork_bark.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cork Bark
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_cellar.yeast.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Brewer's Yeast
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_grapes.grape.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Purple Grapes
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_grapes.grape_seed.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Purple Grape Seeds
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_grapes.grapewine.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purple Grape Juice
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_hops.hop_seeds.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hop Seeds
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_hops.hopale.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ale Wort
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_hops.hops.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hops
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_hops.lager.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lager Wort
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_butter_milk.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Butter Milk Bottle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_condensed_milk.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Condensed Milk Bottle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_cream.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cream Bottle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_milk.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Milk Bottle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_milk_curds.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Milk Curds Bottle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_rennet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Rennet Bottle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_skim_milk.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Skim Milk Bottle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_whey.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Whey Bottle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.butter.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Butter
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.cheese_aged_slice.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gorgonzola Cheese Slice
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.cheese_cloth.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cheese Cloth
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.cheese_simple_slice.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ricotta Cheese
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.cheese_waxed_slice.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cheddar Cheese Slice
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.ice_cream.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.knife.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cheese Knife
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.kumisbottle.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Kumis Fermented
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.starter_culture.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Starter Culture
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.stomach.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stomach
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.thistle.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thistle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.thistle_seed.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Thistle
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_milk.yogurt.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_rice.cultivator.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cultivator
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_rice.rice.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rice
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_rice.rice_ball.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Onigiri
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_rice.rice_cooked.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Rice
fe.protection.exist.growthcraft_rice.sakebottle.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Rice Water
fe.protection.exist.guideapi.bloodmagic-guide.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST guide.bloodmagic.display
fe.protection.exist.guideapi.modularrouters-guidebook.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Modular Routers Guide
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.agaveitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Agave
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.agaveseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Agave Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.akutuqitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Akutuq
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.almondbutteritem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Almond Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.almonditem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Almond
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.amaranthitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Amaranth
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.amaranthseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Amaranth Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.anchovypepperonipizzaitem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Anchovy Pepperoni Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.anchovyrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applecideritem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applefritteritem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apple Fritter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Apple Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Apple Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applepieitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Apple Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applesauceitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Apple Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applesmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applesnowitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Apple Snow
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.appleyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Apricot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjellyitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.arrowrootitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Arrowroot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.arrowrootseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Arrowroot Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.artichokeitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Artichoke
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.artichokeseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagussoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.avocadoitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Avocado
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.babaganoushitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Baba Ganoush
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconandeggsitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bacon and Eggs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgeritem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgeritem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconpancakesitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconwrappedchiliitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Wrapped Chili
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedalaskaitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Baked Alaska
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedbeansitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Baked Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Baked Beets
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedcactusitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Baked Cactus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedhamitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Baked Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Baked Turnips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakewareitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bakeware
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baklavaitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Baklava
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bambooshootitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bambooshootseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananaitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Banana
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Banana Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.banananutbreaditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananasplititem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Banana Split
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananayogurtitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bangersandmashitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.barleyitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Barley
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.barleyseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Barley Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bassrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Bass
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.battenbergitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Battenberg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.batteredsausageitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Battered Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.batteritem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Batter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bbqchickenbiscuititem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST BBQ Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bbqchickenpizzaitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST BBQ Chicken Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bbqjackfruititem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST BBQ Jackfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bbqplatteritem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST BBQ Platter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bbqpotatochipsitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST BBQ Potato Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bbqsauceitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST BBQ Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanburritoitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bean Burrito
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beansandriceitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Beans and Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bean Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beansontoastitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Beans on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beefjerkyitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Beef Jerky
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Beef Wellington
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beeswaxitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pressed Wax
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetburgeritem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Beet Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Beet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetsaladitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Beet Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Beet Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetsoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Beet Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bellpepperitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bellpepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bellpepperseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bentoboxitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bento Box
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.berrymeringuenestitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Berry Meringue Nest
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.berryvinaigrettesaladitem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Berry Vinaigrette Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bibimbapitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bibimbap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.biscuititem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Biscuit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.biscuitsandgravyitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Biscuits and Gravy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberrycobbleritem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackpaellaitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Paella
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackpepperitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blazingsoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blazing Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bltitem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST BLT
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrypieitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.boiledeggitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Boiled Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bolognaitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bologna
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bolognasandwichitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bologna Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.braisedonionsitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Braised Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bratwurstitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bratwurst
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.breadfruititem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Breadfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.breakfastburritoitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Breakfast Burrito
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.briochebunitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Brioche Bun
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccoliitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccolimacitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccolindipitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccoliseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brownieitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Brownie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brusselsproutitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bubbleteaitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bubble Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bubblywateritem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bubbly Water
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bulgogiitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bulgogi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.buttercookieitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Butter Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Buttered Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.butteritem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.buttertartitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Butter Tart
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cabbageitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cabbage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cabbageseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruititem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactussoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.calamaricookeditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.calamarirawitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Calamari
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.californiarollitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST California Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedgingeritem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Candied Ginger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedlemonitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Candied Lemon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedpecansitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Candied Pecans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candleberryitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Candleberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candleberryseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cantaloupeitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cantaloupe
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cantonesegreensitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cantonese Greens
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cantonesenoodlesitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cantonese Noodles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelappleitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Caramel Apple
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelcupcakeitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Caramel Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Caramel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carprawitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotcupcakeitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotsoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewbutteritem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cashew Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewchickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cashew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cassavaitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cassava
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cassavaseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cassava Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cassouletitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cassoulet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.catfishrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Catfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caulifloweritem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cauliflower
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Caesar Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutteritem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Celery
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Celery Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celerysoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Celery Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cevicheitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ceviche
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chaiteaitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chai Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chaoscookieitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.charrrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Raw Charr
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.charsiuitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Char Siu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheddarandsourcreampotatochipsitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cheddar and Sour Cream Potato Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseburgeritem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheesedanishitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cheese Danish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cheese
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheesesteakitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cheesesteak
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheesyshrimpquinoaitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cheesy Shrimp Quinoa
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheezepuffsitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cheeze Puffs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cherry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjellyitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrypieitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryslushieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Slushie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrysodaitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chestnutbutteritem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chestnutitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenandwafflesitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chicken and Waffles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenbiscuititem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenchowmeinitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Chow Mein
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickencordonbleuitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Cordon Bleu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickencurryitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickendinneritem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Dinner
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickengumboitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenkatsuitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Katsu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenpaellaitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Paella
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Parmesan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickensandwichitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickpeaitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chickpeas
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickpeaseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chickpea Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chikorollitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chiko Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilichocolateitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilicupcakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chili Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilidogitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chili Dog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilidonutitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Chili Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chiliitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chili
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipepperitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chili Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipepperseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipoppersitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chili Poppers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chimichangaitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chimichanga
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chipsanddipitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chips and Dip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chipsandsalsaitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chips and Salsa
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatebaritem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeitem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatecoconutbaritem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Coconut Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatecupcakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolateorangeitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Orange
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatepuddingitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Pudding
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolaterollitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocovoxelsitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Choco Voxels Cereal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chorizoitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chorizo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chorusfruitsoupitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Chorus Fruit Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonbreaditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamontoastitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.citrussaladitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Citrus Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.clamchowderitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Clam Chowder
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.clamcookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Clam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.clamrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Clam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cobblestonecobbleritem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cobblestone Cobbler
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cocoapowderitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutcreamitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Coconut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutmilkitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeebeanitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeecupcakeitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.colasodaitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cola Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coleslawburgeritem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coleslawitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Coleslaw
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedgrubitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Grub
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofabbititem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofabbit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofaconitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofeakitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofeak
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofeegitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofeeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofenisonitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofenison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofickenitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Toficken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofishitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofuduckitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofuduck
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofurkeyitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofurkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofuttonitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofutton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookiesandmilkitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cookies and Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornbreaditem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cornbread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornchipsitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Corn Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.corndogitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Corn Dog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornedbeefbreakfastitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Corned Beef Breakfast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornedbeefhashitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Corned Beef Hash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornedbeefitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Corned Beef
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornflakesitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cornflakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornishpastyitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Corn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornmealitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cornmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornonthecobitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Corn Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottagepieitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cottage Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottoncandyitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cotton Candy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottonitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cotton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottonseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cotton Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crabcookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Crab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crabkimbapitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crab Kimbap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crabrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Crab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crackeritem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cracker
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crackersandcheeseitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crackers and Cheese
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crackersitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crackers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cracklinsitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cracklins
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrybaritem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crawfishetoufeeitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crawfish Etoufee
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crayfishcookeditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crayfishrawitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crayfishsaladitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crayfish Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamcookieitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cream Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamedcornitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Creamed Corn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creepercookieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creeperwingsitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Wings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crispyricepuffbarsitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crispy Rice Puff Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crispyricepuffcerealitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Crispy Rice Puff Cereal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.croissantitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Croissant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumberitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumbersandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumberseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Curry Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryleafitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Curry Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryleafseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.currypowderitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Curry Powder
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.custarditem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Custard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cuttingboarditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cutting Board
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.damperitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Damper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dandelionsaladitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dandelion Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dandelionteaitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dandelion Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dangoitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dango
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dateitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Date
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.datenutbreaditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.delightedmealitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Delighted Meal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgeritem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.deluxenachoesitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Deluxe Nachos
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.deviledeggitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Deviled Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dhalitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dhal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dimsumitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dim Sum
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.donutitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.doughitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dough
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dragonfruititem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dragonfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.driedsoupitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dried Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.duckcookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Duck
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.duckrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Duck
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.durianitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Durian
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.durianmilkshakeitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Durian Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.durianmuffinitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Durian Muffin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.earlgreyteaitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tea, Earl Grey, Hot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ediblerootitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Edible Root
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eelrawitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Eel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggnogitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Egg Nog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantparmitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggrollitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Egg Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggsaladitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Egg Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggsbenedictitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Eggs Benedict
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggtartitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Egg Tart
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.elderberryitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Elderberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.elderberryseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Elderberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.enchiladaitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Enchilada
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.energydrinkitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Energy Drink
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.epicbaconitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Epic Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.epicbltitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Epic BLT
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.escargotitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Escargot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.espressoitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Espresso
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.etonmessitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Eton Mess
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.extremechiliitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Extreme Chili
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fairybreaditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fairy Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.festivalbreaditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Festival Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fiestacornsaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fiesta Corn Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figbaritem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fig Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figitem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fig
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjellyitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Fig Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjuiceitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Fig Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figsmoothieitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figyogurtitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.firmtofuitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Firm Tofu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishandchipsitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fish and Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishdinneritem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fish Dinner
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishsandwichitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishsticksitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fish Sticks
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishtacoitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Fish Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaititem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fivespiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Five Spice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.flaxitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flax
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.flaxseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flax Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.flouritem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Flour
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.footlongitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Footlong
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fortunecookieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fortune Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frenchtoastitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST French Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.freshmilkitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fresh Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.freshwateritem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fresh Water
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedbolognasandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Fried Bologna Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedchickenitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fried Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedeggitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Fried Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedfeastitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fried Feast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedgreentomatoesitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fried Green Tomatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedonionsitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fried Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedriceitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fried Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friesitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fries
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frogcookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.froglegstirfryitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Frog Leg Stirfry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frograwitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Frog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frosteddonutitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Frosted Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitbaititem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitcakeitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitcreamfestivalbreaditem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Cream Festival Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitpunchitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Punch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitsaladitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.futomakiitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Futo Maki
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garammasalaitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Garam Masala
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gardensoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Garden Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicbreaditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicchickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garliccoinitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Coin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Garlic
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicsteakitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Steak
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gherkinitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gherkin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gigapickleitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Giga Pickle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gigapickleseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Giga Pickle Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerbreaditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerchickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingeritem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ginger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingersnapsitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingersodaitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Ale
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.glisteningsaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glistening Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gourmetbeefburgeritem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gourmet Beef Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gourmetbeefpattyitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Gourmet Beef Patty
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gourmetmuttonburgeritem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Gourmet Mutton Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gourmetmuttonpattyitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gourmet Mutton Patty
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gourmetporkburgeritem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gourmet Pork Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gourmetporkpattyitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Gourmet Pork Patty
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gourmetvenisonburgeritem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Gourmet Venison Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gourmetvenisonpattyitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Gourmet Venison Patty
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grainbaititem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Grain Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruititem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Grape
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapejellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Grape Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapejuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Grape Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesaladitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Grape Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Grape Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesodaitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Grape Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gravlaxitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Gravlax
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gravyitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Gravy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.greenbeancasseroleitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Green Bean Casserole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.greeneggsandhamitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Green Eggs and Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.greengrapeitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Green Grape
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.greengrapeseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Green Grape Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.greenheartfishitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.greenteaitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Green Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledcheesevegemitetoastitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Cheese Vegemite Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledskewersitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gritsitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Grits
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groiledcheesesandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Groiled Cheese Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundbeefitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ground Beef
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundchickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ground Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundduckitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ground Duck
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundfishitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ground Fish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundmuttonitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ground Mutton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundnutmegitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundporkitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ground Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundrabbititem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ground Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundturkeyitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ground Turkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundvenisonitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ground Venison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grouperrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Grouper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grubitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bee Grub
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.guacamoleitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Guacamole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.guavaitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Guava
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.guisoitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Guiso
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gumboitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Gumbo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gummybearsitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Gummy Bears
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gyudonitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Gyudon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.haggisitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Haggis
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hamandcheesesandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Ham and Cheese Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hamandpineapplepizzaitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Ham and Pineapple Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hamburgeritem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hamburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatheritem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hashitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hazelnutitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hazelnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.heavycreamitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.herringrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Herring
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hoisinsauceitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hoisin Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.homestylelunchitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Homestyle Lunch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeybreaditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Honey Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeybunitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Honeybun
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebaritem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeycombitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeyglazedcarrotsitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Honey Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeyglazedhamitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Honey Glazed Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeyitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Honey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeysandwichitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeysoyribsitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Honey Soy Ribs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotandsoursoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Hot and Sour Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotchocolateitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotcocoaitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hot Cocoa
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotdishcasseroleitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hot Dish Casserole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotdogitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hotdog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotsauceitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hot Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotwingsitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hot Wings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.huckleberryitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Huckleberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.huckleberryseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Huckleberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hummusitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Hummus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Hushpuppies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.icecreamitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.imagawayakiitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Imagawayaki
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.imitationcrabsticksitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Imitation Crab Sticks
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ironbrewitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Brew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jackfruititem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Jackfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jaffaitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Jaffa
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jambalayaitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Jambalaya
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jamrollitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Jam Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jelliedeelitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Jellied Eel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellybeansitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Jellybeans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellydonutitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Jelly Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jicamaitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Jicama
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jicamaseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Jicama Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.juiceritem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Juicer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.juniperberryitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Juniperberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.juniperberryseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Juniperberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.juteitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Jute
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.juteseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Jute Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kalechipsitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kale Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kaleitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Kale
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kaleseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Kale Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kenafitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Kenaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kenafseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kenaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ketchupitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ketchup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.keylimepieitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Keylime Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kimchiitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Kimchi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kohlrabiitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Kohlrabi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kohlrabiseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Kohlrabi Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kohlundpinkelitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Kohl und Pinkel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.koreandinneritem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Korean Dinner
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kungpaochickenitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kung Pao Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambkebabitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lasagnaitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lasagna
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreaditem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Leek
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Leek Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonaideitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lemonade
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonbaritem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonchickenitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemoncupcakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemondrizzlecakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Drizzle Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lemon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonjellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lentilitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lentils
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lentilseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lentil Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lettuceitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Lettuce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lettuceseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limeitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lime
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lime Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lime Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limesmoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limeyogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.liverandonionsitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Liver and Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lycheeitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lychee
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lycheeteaitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lychee Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangochutneyitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mango Chutney
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangoitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mango
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mango Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mango Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.manjuuitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Manj?
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesausageitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Maple Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyrupitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marshmellowchicksitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Marshmellow Chicks
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marshmellowsitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Marshmallows
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marzipanitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Marzipan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoeschickenbiscuititem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Mashed Potatoes and Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mayoitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Mayo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mcpamitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST McPam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatloafitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Meatloaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatloafsandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Meatloaf Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatpieitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Meat Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatystewitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Meaty Stew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatystirfryitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Meaty Stirfry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meesuaitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mee Sua
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonjuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Melon Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meringuebombeitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Meringue Bombe
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meringuebrownieitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Meringue Brownie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meringuecookieitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Meringue Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meringueitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Meringue
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meringuerouladeitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Meringue Roulade
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.merveilleuxitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Merveilleux
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mettbrotchenitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mettbrötchen
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.milletitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Millet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.milletseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Millet Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mincepieitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mince Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.minerstewitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Stew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicecreamitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mintcupcakeitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mint Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.misopasteitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Miso Paste
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.misosoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Miso Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mixedsaladitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mixed Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mixingbowlitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mobsoupitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mob Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mochicakeitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mochi Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mochidessertitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mochi Dessert
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mochiitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Mochi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.monsterfrieddumplingsitem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Monster Fried Dumplings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.montecristosandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Monte Cristo Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mozzerellasticksitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mozzerella Sticks
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mudfishrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mulberryitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mulberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mulberryseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mulberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.museliitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Muesli
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mushroomketchupitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Ketchup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mushroomketchupomeletitem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Ketchup Omelet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mushroomlasagnaitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Lasagna
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mushroomsteakitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Steak
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.musselcookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Mussel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.musselrawitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mussel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustarditem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mustard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustardseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mustard Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustardseedsitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.musubiitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Musubi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.naanitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Naan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nachoesitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nachos
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.netherstartoastitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.netherwingsitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.noodlesitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Noodles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nopalessaladitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nopales Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nutellaitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Nutella
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nutmegitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Nutmeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oatsitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Oats
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oatsseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Oats Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.octopuscookeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.octopusrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Octopus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okrachipsitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Okra Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okracreoleitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Okra Creole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okraitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Okra
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okraseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Okra Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oliveitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Olive
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oliveoilitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cooking Oil
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.omeletitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Omelet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.omuriceitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Omurice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onigiriitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Onigiri
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionhamburgeritem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Onion
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Onion Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionsoupitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Onion Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangechickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Orange Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangeduckitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Orange Duck
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangeitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Orange
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejellyitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orange Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejuiceitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Orange Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangesodaitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Orange Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcaulifloweritem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oystercookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Oyster
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oysterrawitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Oyster
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oystersauceitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Oyster Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.padthaiitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pad Thai
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pambitsboxitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pam Bits Box
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pancakesitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.paneeritem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Paneer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayaitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Papaya
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajellyitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajuiceitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayayogurtitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.paradiseburgeritem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Paradise Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.parsnipitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Parsnip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.parsnipseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.passionfruititem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Passion Fruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pastagardeniaitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pasta Gardenia
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pastaitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pasta
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.patreonpieitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Patreon Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pawpawitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pawpaw
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pbandjitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST PB&J
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachcobbleritem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Peach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Peach Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Peach Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbutterbananasandwichitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercupcakeitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercupitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter Cup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbutteritem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Peanut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutsoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pear
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pear Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pear Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearyogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasandceleryitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Peas and Celery
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Peas
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Peas Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pecanitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pecan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pecanpieitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pecan Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pekingduckitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Peking Duck
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pemmicanitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pemmican
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peppercornitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Peppercorn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pepperjellyandcrackersitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Pepper Jelly and Crackers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pepperjellyitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pepper Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peppermintitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Peppermint
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pepperoniitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pepperoni
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.perchrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Raw Perch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.phoitem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pho
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pickled Beets
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pickledonionsitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pickled Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.picklesitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Pickles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pinacoladaitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pinacolada
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineapplehamitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pinkelitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pinkel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachiobutteritem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachioitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pitepaltitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pitepalt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pizzaitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pizzasliceitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pizza Slice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pizzasoupitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pizza Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plainyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Plum
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plum Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Plum Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumyogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.poachedpearitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Poached Pear
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranateitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.popcornitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Popcorn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porklomeinitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porkrindsitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pork Rinds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porksausageitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pork Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiitem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Potato and Cheese Pierogi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatocakesitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Potato Cakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatochipsitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Potato Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatoesobrienitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Potatoes O'Brien
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatosaladitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Potato Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatoskinsitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Potato Skins
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatosoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Potato Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potitem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potroastitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pot Roast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potstickersitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pot Stickers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.poutineitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Poutine
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.powdereddonutitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Powdered Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pralinesitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pralines
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreaditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinspicelatteitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Spice Latte
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.queenbeeitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Queen Bee
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.quesadillaitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Quesadilla
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.quinoaitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quinoa
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.quinoaseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Quinoa Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.radishitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Radish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.radishseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Radish Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raisincookiesitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raisinsitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raisins
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rambutanitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rambutan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ramenitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ramen
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.randomtacoitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Random Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrymilkshakeitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Milk Shake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrypieitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofabbititem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofabbit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofaconitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofeakitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofeak
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofeegitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofeeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofenisonitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofenison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofickenitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Toficken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofishitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofuduckitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofuduck
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofurkeyitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofurkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofuttonitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofutton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.redvelvetcupcakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Red Velvet Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.refriedbeansitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Refried Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rhubarbitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Rhubarb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rhubarbseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ricecakeitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rice Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.riceitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ricepuddingitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rice Pudding
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.riceseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rice Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ricesoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rice Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rivermudcakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST River Mud Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastchickenitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Roast Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rootbeerfloatitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Root Beer Float
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Root Beer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rosepetalteaitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rose Petal Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rouxitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Roux
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.royaljellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Royal Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rutabagaitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Rutabaga
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rutabagaseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ryeitem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Rye
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ryeseeditem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Rye Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saladdressingitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Salad Dressing
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.salisburysteakitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Salisbury Steak
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.salmononigiriitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Salmon Onigiri
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Salmon Patties
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.salsaitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Salsa
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saltedcaramelitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Salted Caramel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saltitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Salt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sardinerawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Sardine
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sardinesinhotsauceitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sardines in Hot Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saucedlambkebabitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sauced Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saucepanitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Saucepan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sauerbratenitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sauerbraten
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausagebeanmeltitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sausage Bean Melt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausageinbreaditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausageitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausagerollitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sausage Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Scallion
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Scallion Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallopcookeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scalloprawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Scallop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.schnitzelitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Schnitzel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scrambledeggitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seaweeditem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Seaweed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seaweedseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seedenergygelitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Seed Energy Gel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seedsoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Seed Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameballitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Ball
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameoilitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Oil
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameseedsitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shepardspieitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimpcocktailitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Shrimp Cocktail
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimpcookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesitem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimprawitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimptemperaitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Shrimp Tempura
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.silkentofuitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Silken Tofu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sisalitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sisal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sisalseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sisal Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.skilletitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Skillet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.slawdogitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Slaw Dog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.slimegummiesitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Slime Gummies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.slimepieitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Slime Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.smoresitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Smores
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snailcookeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Snail
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snailrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Raw Snail
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snapperrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Snapper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snickersbaritem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Snickers Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustarditem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.softpretzelitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sourcreamandonionpotatochipsitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Sour Cream and Onion Potato Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soursopitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Soursop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.southernstylebreakfastitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Southern Style Breakfast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soybeanitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Soybean
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soybeanseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Soybean Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soymilkitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Soy Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soysauceitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Soy Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Spaghetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spagettiitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Spaghetti
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spaghettidinneritem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Spaghetti Dinner
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicebunitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Spice Bun
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spiceleafitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Spice Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spiceleafseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicygreensitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spicy Greens
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spidereyepieitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Spinach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachpieitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Spinach Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spinach Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.springfieldcashewchickenitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Springfield Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.springrollitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Spring Rolls
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.springsaladitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Spring Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sprinklescupcakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sprinkles Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.squidinkspaghettiitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Squid Ink Spaghetti
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruititem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steakandchipsitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steak and Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steakfajitaitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steak Fajita
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steaktartareitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steak Tartare
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steamedpeasitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steamed Peas
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steamedspinachitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stockitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Stock
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrycupcakeitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrypieitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryrhubarbpieitem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Rhubarb Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysouffleitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Soufflé
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedchilipeppersitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Chili Peppers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedduckitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Duck
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffingitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Stuffing
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.suaderoitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Suadero
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.succotashitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Succotash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sugarcookieitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sundayhighteaitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sunday High Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sundayroastitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sunday Roast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.supremepizzaitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.surfandturfitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Surf and Turf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sushiitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sushi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.swedishmeatballsitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Swedish Meatballs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetandsourchickenitem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Sweet and Sour Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetandsourmeatballsitem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Sweet and Sour Meatballs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetandsoursauceitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sweet and Sour Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpickleitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetteaitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.szechuaneggplantitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Szechuan Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tacoitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.taffyitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Taffy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.taiyakiitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Taiyaki
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.takoyakiitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Takoyaki
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tamarinditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tamarind
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.taroitem.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Taro
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.taroseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Taro Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tatertotsitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tater Tots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.teaitem.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cup of Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tealeafitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tea Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.teaseeditem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tea Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.teriyakichickenitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Teriyaki Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.thankfuldinneritem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Thankful Dinner
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.theatreboxitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Theatre Box
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.threebeansaladitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Three Bean Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tilapiarawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.timpanoitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Timpano
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.timtamitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tim Tam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tiropitaitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiropita
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toadintheholeitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsitem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastedwesternitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Toasted Western
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastitem.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastsandwichitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatilloitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tomatillo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatilloseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tomatillo Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatoherbchickenitem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Herb Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatoitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tomato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatoseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatosoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tortillachipsitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tortilla Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tortillaitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tortilla
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.trailmixitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Trail Mix
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.troutrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Raw Trout
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunafishsandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tunafish Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunaonigiriitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tuna Onigiri
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunapotatoitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tuna Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunarawitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tuna
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunasaladitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tuna Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turkeycookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turkeyrawitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Turkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turkishdelightitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Turkish Delight
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Turnip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipsoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turtlecookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turtlerawitem.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Turtle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillabeanitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillaconchasbreaditem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Conchas Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillacupcakeitem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Cupcake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillaitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegemiteitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Vegemite
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapitem.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiebaititem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiestripsitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Strips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.venisoncookeditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Venison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.venisonrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Venison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vindalooitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Vindaloo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vinegaritem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vinegar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wafflesitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Waffles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walleyerawitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Walleye
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walnutitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Walnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreaditem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waterchestnutitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Water Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waxcombitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Waxcomb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.weekendpicnicitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Weekend Picnic
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.whitemushroomitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST White Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wintersquashitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Winter Squash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wintersquashseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wontonsoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Wonton Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wovencottonitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Woven Cotton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingitem.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zeppoleitem.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Zeppole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyitem.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinibreaditem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesitem.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchiniitem.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchiniseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.exist.ic2.advanced_batpack.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.exist.ic2.advanced_charging_re_battery.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.exist.ic2.advanced_heat_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.ic2.advanced_heat_vent.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.ic2.advanced_re_battery.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.ic2.advanced_scanner.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST OV Scanner
fe.protection.exist.ic2.alloy_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Composite Vest
fe.protection.exist.ic2.barrel.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.exist.ic2.batpack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST BatPack
fe.protection.exist.ic2.block_cutting_blade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.boat.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Damaged Rubber Dinghy
fe.protection.exist.ic2.booze_mug.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Zero
fe.protection.exist.ic2.bronze_axe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.ic2.bronze_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.ic2.bronze_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.ic2.bronze_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ic2.bronze_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ic2.bronze_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ic2.bronze_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ic2.bronze_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ic2.bronze_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.ic2.cable.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Cable
fe.protection.exist.ic2.casing.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Item Casing
fe.protection.exist.ic2.cell.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Empty Cell
fe.protection.exist.ic2.cf_pack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST CF Backpack
fe.protection.exist.ic2.chainsaw.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chainsaw
fe.protection.exist.ic2.charging_energy_crystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.ic2.charging_lapotron_crystal.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.ic2.charging_re_battery.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.exist.ic2.coke.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Coal Coke
fe.protection.exist.ic2.component_heat_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.ic2.component_heat_vent.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.ic2.containment_box.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Containment Box
fe.protection.exist.ic2.containment_plating.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.ic2.cover.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pump Attachment (LV)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.crafting.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Rubber
fe.protection.exist.ic2.crop_res.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Beans
fe.protection.exist.ic2.crop_seed_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.exist.ic2.crop_stick.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crop
fe.protection.exist.ic2.cropnalyzer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.exist.ic2.crowbar.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Attachment Remover
fe.protection.exist.ic2.crushed.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.exist.ic2.crystal_memory.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Memory
fe.protection.exist.ic2.cutter.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cutter
fe.protection.exist.ic2.debug_item.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Debug Item
fe.protection.exist.ic2.depleted_isotope_fuel_rod.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Depleted Isotope Cell
fe.protection.exist.ic2.diamond_drill.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Drill
fe.protection.exist.ic2.drill.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mining Drill
fe.protection.exist.ic2.dual_mox_fuel_rod.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.dual_uranium_fuel_rod.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.dust.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Dust
fe.protection.exist.ic2.dynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.ic2.dynamite_sticky.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.ic2.electric_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Electric Hoe
fe.protection.exist.ic2.electric_treetap.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Electric Treetap
fe.protection.exist.ic2.electric_wrench.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Electric Wrench
fe.protection.exist.ic2.energy_crystal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Energy Crystal
fe.protection.exist.ic2.energy_pack.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Energypack
fe.protection.exist.ic2.filled_fuel_can.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Filled Fuel Can
fe.protection.exist.ic2.filled_tin_can.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.exist.ic2.fluid_cell.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.exist.ic2.foam_sprayer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST CF Sprayer
fe.protection.exist.ic2.forge_hammer.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Forge Hammer
fe.protection.exist.ic2.frequency_transmitter.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.ic2.hazmat_chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.exist.ic2.hazmat_helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ic2.hazmat_leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ic2.heat_exchanger.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.ic2.heat_plating.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.ic2.heat_storage.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.ic2.heat_vent.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.ic2.heatpack.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Heating Cell
fe.protection.exist.ic2.hex_heat_storage.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.ic2.ingot.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mixed Metal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.ic2.iodine_tablet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iodine Tablet
fe.protection.exist.ic2.iridium_drill.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Drill
fe.protection.exist.ic2.iridium_reflector.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.ic2.jetpack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.ic2.jetpack_electric.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.ic2.lapotron_crystal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.ic2.lappack.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Lappack
fe.protection.exist.ic2.lithium_fuel_rod.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.lzh_condensator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.exist.ic2.meter.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST EU-Reader
fe.protection.exist.ic2.mining_laser.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Mining Laser
fe.protection.exist.ic2.misc_resource.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ashes
fe.protection.exist.ic2.mox_fuel_rod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.mug.*                                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Mug
fe.protection.exist.ic2.nano_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.ic2.nano_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.exist.ic2.nano_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ic2.nano_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ic2.nano_saber.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Nano Saber
fe.protection.exist.ic2.neutron_reflector.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.ic2.nightvision_goggles.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.exist.ic2.nuclear.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.exist.ic2.obscurator.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Obscurator
fe.protection.exist.ic2.overclocked_heat_vent.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.ic2.painter.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Painter
fe.protection.exist.ic2.pipe.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Bronze Pipe
fe.protection.exist.ic2.plate.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Plate
fe.protection.exist.ic2.plating.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Plating
fe.protection.exist.ic2.purified.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.exist.ic2.quad_mox_fuel_rod.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.quad_uranium_fuel_rod.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.quantum_boots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.exist.ic2.quantum_chestplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.exist.ic2.quantum_helmet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ic2.quantum_leggings.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ic2.re_battery.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST RE-Battery
fe.protection.exist.ic2.reactor_heat_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.exist.ic2.reactor_heat_vent.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.exist.ic2.remote.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.exist.ic2.rotor_bronze.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Bronze)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.rotor_carbon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.rotor_iron.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.rotor_steel.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.rotor_wood.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.rsh_condensator.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.exist.ic2.rubber_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Boots
fe.protection.exist.ic2.scanner.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST OD Scanner
fe.protection.exist.ic2.single_use_battery.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.exist.ic2.solar_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Solar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.ic2.static_boots.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Static Boots
fe.protection.exist.ic2.terra_wart.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Terra Wart
fe.protection.exist.ic2.tfbp.*                                                            # (default: true) EXIST TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.exist.ic2.thick_neutron_reflector.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.exist.ic2.tool_box.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tool Box
fe.protection.exist.ic2.treetap.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Treetap
fe.protection.exist.ic2.tri_heat_storage.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.exist.ic2.upgrade.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ic2.upgrade_kit.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.exist.ic2.uranium_fuel_rod.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.exist.ic2.weeding_trowel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.exist.ic2.wind_meter.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Windmeter
fe.protection.exist.ic2.wrench.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.ic2.wrench_new.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wrench (New)
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.antidote.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Antidote
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.battery.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Battery
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.bombcart.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Explosive Cart
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.circuit.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Basic Circuit
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.clump.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Clump
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.defuser.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Defuser
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.explosive_missile.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Conventional Missile
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.grenade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Conventional Grenade
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.ingot.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.laserdetonator.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Laser Designator
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.plate.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Plate
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.poisonpowder.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Poison Powder
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.radargun.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Radar Gun
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.remotedetonator.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Remote Detonator
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.rocketlauncher.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.saltpeter.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Saltpeter
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.saltpeter_ball.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Saltpeter Starter
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.signaldisrupter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Signal Disrupter
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.sulfurdust.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sulfur
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.surface_to_air_missile.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Surface to Air Missile
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.tracker.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tracker
fe.protection.exist.icbmclassic.wire.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper Wire
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.block_talisman.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST BlackHole Ring
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.focus_pouch.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Pouch
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichor_boots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichor_chest.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichor_helm.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichor_legs.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichorium_axe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichorium_axe_adv.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichorium_pick.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichorium_pick_adv.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Pick
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichorium_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichorium_shovel_adv.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichorium_sword.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.ichorium_sword_adv.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.kami_boots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.kami_chest.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.kami_helm.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.kami_legs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.proto_clay.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Proto Clay
fe.protection.exist.ichoriumkit.resourcekami.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ender Shard
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.adult_filter.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Adult Filter
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.artificial_dye.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST White§r Artificial Dye
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.book_manual.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Industrial Foregoing's Manual
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.conveyor_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Extraction Conveyor Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.dryrubber.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dry Rubber
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.energy_field_addon.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Field Addon
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.fertilizer.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.fluid_transfer_addon_pull.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Transfer Addon (Pull/Down)
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.fluid_transfer_addon_push.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Transfer Addon (Push/Down)
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.fortune_addon.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fortune Addon
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.infinity_drill.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Infinity Drill
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.itemstack_transfer_addon_pull.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Itemstack Transfer Addon (Pull/Down)
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.itemstack_transfer_addon_push.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Itemstack Transfer Addon (Push/Down)
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.laser_lens.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST White§r Laser Lens
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.laser_lens_inverted.*                             # (default: true) EXIST White§r Laser Lens (Inverted)
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.leaf_shearing.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Leaf Shearing Addon
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.meat_feeder.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Meat Feeder
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.mob_imprisonment_tool.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Mob Imprisonment Tool
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.pink_slime.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pink Slime
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.pink_slime_ingot.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Pink Slime Ingot
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.plastic.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Plastic
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.range_addon.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Range Addon
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.straw.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Straw
fe.protection.exist.industrialforegoing.tinydryrubber.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Dry Rubber
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontanks.copper_iron_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontanks.copper_silver_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontanks.diamond_emerald_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Emerald Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontanks.diamond_obsidian_upgrade.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontanks.glass_copper_upgrade.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glass to Copper Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontanks.glass_iron_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Glass to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontanks.gold_diamond_upgrade.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontanks.iron_gold_upgrade.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.irontanks.silver_gold_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpaluminium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpardite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpcarbon.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpcobalt.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpcrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpdarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dark Iron Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpdesh.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Desh Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpiridium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpmagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpmercury.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpmeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpnickel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumppalladium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpplatinum.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumptungsten.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpuranium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clumpzinc.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Clump
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusteraluminium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusterardite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Native Ardite Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clustercarbon.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Native Carbon Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clustercobalt.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Native Cobalt Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clustercrystal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusterdarkiron.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Dark Iron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusterdesh.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Native Desh Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusteriridium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Iridium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clustermagnesium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Magnesium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clustermercury.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Mercury Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clustermeteoriciron.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Native Meteoric Iron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusternickel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Native Nickel Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusterosmium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusterpalladium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Palladium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusterplatinum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Platinum Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clustertungsten.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusteruranium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusteryellorium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Native Yellorium Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_clusterzinc.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Native Zinc Cluster
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coinardite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coincarbon.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coincobalt.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coincrystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coindarkiron.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dark Iron Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coindesh.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Desh Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coinmagnesium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coinmercury.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coinmeteoriciron.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coinosmium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coinpalladium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_cointungsten.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coinuranium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coinyellorium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_coinzinc.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Coin
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedardite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedcarbon.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Carbon Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedcobalt.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedcrystal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Crystal Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crusheddarkiron.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crusheddesh.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Desh Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushediridium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Iridium Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedmagnesium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Magnesium Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedmercury.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Mercury Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedmeteoriciron.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Meteoric Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushednickel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedosmium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpalladium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Palladium Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedplatinum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedardite.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcarbon.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Carbon Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcobalt.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcrystal.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Crystal Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifieddarkiron.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifieddesh.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Desh Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiediridium.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Iridium Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmagnesium.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Magnesium Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmercury.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Mercury Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmeteoriciron.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Meteoric Iron Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiednickel.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedosmium.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedpalladium.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Palladium Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedplatinum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedtungsten.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedyellorium.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedzinc.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedtungsten.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedyellorium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crushedzinc.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalaluminium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalardite.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalcarbon.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalcobalt.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalcrystal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystaldarkiron.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dark Iron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystaldesh.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Desh Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystaliridium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalmagnesium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalmercury.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalmeteoriciron.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalnickel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalpalladium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalplatinum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystaltungsten.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystaluranium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalyellorium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_crystalzinc.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustardite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustcarbon.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustchargedcertusquartz.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustcobalt.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustcrystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdarkiron.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdesh.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Desh Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtyaluminium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtyardite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtycarbon.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Carbon Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtycobalt.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtycrystal.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Crystal Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtydarkiron.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtydesh.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Desh Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtyiridium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Iridium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtymagnesium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtymercury.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Mercury Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtymeteoriciron.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtynickel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtypalladium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Palladium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtyplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtytungsten.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtyuranium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtyyellorium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustdirtyzinc.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustemerald.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustmagnesium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustmercury.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustmeteoriciron.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustpalladium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallaluminium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallardite.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallcarbon.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Carbon Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallcertusquartz.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallchargedcertusquartz.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallcoal.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Coal Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallcobalt.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallcopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Copper Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallcrystal.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Crystal Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmalldarkiron.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmalldesh.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Desh Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmalldiamond.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Diamond Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallemerald.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Emerald Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallgold.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Gold Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmalliridium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Iridium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmalliron.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmalllapis.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lapis Lazuli Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmalllead.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Lead Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallmagnesium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallmercury.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Mercury Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallmeteoriciron.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallnickel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallniter.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Niter Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallosmium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallpalladium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Palladium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallquartz.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Quartz Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallredstone.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Redstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallsilver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Silver Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallsulfur.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Sulfur Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmalltin.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Tin Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmalltungsten.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmalluranium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallyellorium.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustsmallzinc.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Small Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyaluminium.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyardite.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinycarbon.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Carbon Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinycertusquartz.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinychargedcertusquartz.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinycoal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Coal Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinycobalt.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinycrystal.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Crystal Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinydarkiron.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinydesh.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Desh Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinydiamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Diamond Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyemerald.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Emerald Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyiridium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Iridium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinymagnesium.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinymercury.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Mercury Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinymeteoriciron.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinynickel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyniter.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Niter Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyosmium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinypalladium.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Palladium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyplatinum.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyquartz.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Quartz Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyredstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Redstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinytungsten.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyuranium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyyellorium.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttinyzinc.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusttungsten.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dusturanium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_dustzinc.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Dust
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearardite.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearcarbon.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearcertusquartz.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearchargedcertusquartz.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Charged Certus Quartz Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearcoal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Coal Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearcobalt.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearcrystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_geardarkiron.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Dark Iron Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_geardesh.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Desh Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearlapis.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearmagnesium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearmercury.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearmeteoriciron.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearosmium.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearpalladium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearquartz.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_geartungsten.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearuranium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearyellorium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_gearzinc.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Gear
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetcarbon.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetcertusquartz.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetchargedcertusquartz.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Charged Certus Quartz Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetcoal.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coal Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetcrystal.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetdarkiron.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dark Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetdesh.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Desh Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetlapis.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetmagnesium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetmercury.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetmeteoriciron.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetpalladium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggettungsten.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggeturanium.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_nuggetyellorium.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_plateardite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platecertusquartz.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platechargedcertusquartz.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platecoal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coal Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platecobalt.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platecrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dark Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensealuminium.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dense Aluminium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedenseardite.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dense Ardite Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensecarbon.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dense Carbon Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensecertusquartz.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dense Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensechargedcertusquartz.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Dense Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensecoal.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dense Coal Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensecobalt.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dense Cobalt Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensecrystal.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dense Crystal Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensedarkiron.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dense Dark Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensedesh.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dense Desh Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensediamond.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dense Diamond Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedenseemerald.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dense Emerald Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedenseiridium.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dense Iridium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensemagnesium.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dense Magnesium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensemercury.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dense Mercury Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensemeteoriciron.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dense Meteoric Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensenickel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dense Nickel Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedenseosmium.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dense Osmium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensepalladium.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dense Palladium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedenseplatinum.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dense Platinum Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensequartz.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dense Quartz Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensesilver.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Dense Silver Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensetungsten.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dense Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedenseuranium.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dense Uranium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedenseyellorium.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dense Yellorium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedensezinc.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Dense Zinc Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platedesh.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Desh Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platediamond.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_plateemerald.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platemagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platemercury.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platemeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_plateosmium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platepalladium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platequartz.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_platetungsten.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_plateuranium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_plateyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Plate
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardaluminium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardardite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardcarbon.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardcobalt.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardcrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_sharddarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dark Iron Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_sharddesh.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Desh Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardiridium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardmagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardmercury.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardmeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardnickel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardpalladium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardplatinum.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardtungsten.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_sharduranium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_shardzinc.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Shard
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickaluminium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Aluminium Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickardite.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickcarbon.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Carbon Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickcertusquartz.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickchargedcertusquartz.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Charged Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickcoal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Coal Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickcobalt.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickcopper.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Copper Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickcrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crystal Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickdarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Dark Iron Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickdesh.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Desh Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickdiamond.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickemerald.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickgold.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gold Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickiridium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_sticklapis.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_sticklead.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lead Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickmagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Magnesium Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickmercury.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Mercury Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickmeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_sticknickel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickosmium.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickpalladium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Palladium Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickplatinum.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickquartz.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_sticksilver.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Silver Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_sticktin.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Tin Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_sticktungsten.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickuranium.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Rod
fe.protection.exist.jaopca.item_stickzinc.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Rod
fe.protection.exist.jexclusives.crystal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Strange Crystal
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.broken_item.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Broken Item
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.chip_advanced.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Chip
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.chip_advanced_raw.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Advanced Chip
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.chip_basic.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Basic Chip
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.chip_basic_raw.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Basic Chip
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.chip_fpga.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST FPGA
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.chip_fpga_raw.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw FPGA
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.disk.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Disk
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.fluid_container.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Container
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.guide_book.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Pipes' Guide Book
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.hud_glasses.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Logistics HUD Glasses
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.item_card.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Item Card
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.logistics_programmer.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Programmer
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_active_supplier.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Active Supplier Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_blank.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blank Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_crafter.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_enchantment_sink.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Enchantment Sink Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_enchantment_sink_mk2.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Enchantment Sink Module MK2
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_extractor.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Extractor Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_extractor_advanced.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Extractor Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_item_sink.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST ItemSink Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_creativetab.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Creative Tab Based ItemSink Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_mod.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mod Based ItemSink Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_oredict.*                             # (default: true) EXIST OreDict ItemSink Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_polymorphic.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Polymorphic ItemSink Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_passive_supplier.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Passive Supplier Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_provider.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Provider Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_quick_sort.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST QuickSort Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.module_terminus.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Terminus Module
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.parts.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Logistics HUD Bow
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_basic.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Basic Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk1.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Chassis Mk1
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk2.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Chassis Mk2
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk3.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Chassis Mk3
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk4.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Chassis Mk4
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk5.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Chassis Mk5
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_controller.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Controller
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_crafting.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_firewall.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Firewall Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_basic.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Basic Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_extractor.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Extractor Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_insertion.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_provider.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Provider Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_request.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Request Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_satellite.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Satellite Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_supplier.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Container Supplier
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_supplier_mk2.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Supplier
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_terminus.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Fluid Terminus Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_curve.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Highspeed Curve Tube
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_gain.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Highspeed Gain Tube
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_line.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Highspeed Line Tube
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_s_curve.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Highspeed S-Curve Tube
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_speedup.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Highspeed Speedup Tube
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_inventory_system_connector.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Inventory System Connector
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_manager.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Manager
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_provider.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Provider Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_remote_orderer.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Remote Orderer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_request.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Request Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_request_mk2.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Request Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_request_table.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Request Table
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_satellite.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Satellite Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_supplier.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Supplier Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_system_destination.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Logistics System Destination Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_system_entrance.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Logistics System Entrance Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.pipe_transport_basic.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Unrouted Transport Pipe
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.remote_orderer.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Remote Orderer
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.sign_creator.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Sign Creator
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_action_speed.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Action Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_cc_remote_control.*                            # (default: true) EXIST CC Remote Control Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_byproduct.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Byproduct Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_cleanup.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Cleanup Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_monitoring.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Monitoring Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_disconnection.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Disconnection Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_fluid_crafting.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Crafting Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_fuzzy.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fuzzy Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_item_extraction.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Item Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_item_stack_extraction.*                        # (default: true) EXIST ItemStack Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_logic_controller.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Logic Controller Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_module_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Module Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_opaque.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Opaque Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_pattern.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Placement Rules Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_ev.*                         # (default: true) EXIST EU EV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_hv.*                         # (default: true) EXIST EU HV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_lv.*                         # (default: true) EXIST EU LV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_mv.*                         # (default: true) EXIST EU MV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_mj.*                            # (default: true) EXIST MJ Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_rf.*                            # (default: true) EXIST RF Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_transportation.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Power Transportation Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_satellite_advanced.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Advanced Satellite Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_sneaky.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sneaky Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_sneaky_combination.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Sneaky Combination Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.logisticspipes.upgrade_speed.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Item Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.longfallboots.longfallboots.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Long Fall Boots
fe.protection.exist.lostmagic.purifying_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.exist.lostmagic.ring_nutrition.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.exist.lostmagic.scribe_blood.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.backpack_thaumaturge_t1.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.backpack_thaumaturge_t2.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Woven Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.beecomb.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Comb
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.drop.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Enchanting Drop
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.frames.gentle.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Gentle Frame
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.frames.magic.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Magic Frame
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.frames.metabolic.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Metabolic Frame
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.frames.necrotic.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Necrotic Frame
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.frames.oblivion.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Oblivion Frame
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.frames.resilient.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Resilient Frame
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.frames.temporal.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Temporal Frame
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.jelly_babies.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Handful of Jelly Babies
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.manasteelgrafter.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Grafter
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.manasteelscoop.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Scoop
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.moondial.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Jade Moon Dial
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.mysteriousmagnet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Mysterious Magnet
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.orepart.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shard
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.pollen.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Unusual Pollen
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.propolis.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Unstable Propolis
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.resource.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lore Fragment
fe.protection.exist.magicbees.wax.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magic Wax
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.anchorupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Anchor Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.armoredjetpack.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.atomicalloy.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.atomicdisassembler.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.balloon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.biofuel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bio Fuel
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.clump.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Clump
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.compressedcarbon.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.compresseddiamond.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.compressedobsidian.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.compressedredstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.configurationcard.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Configuration Card
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.configurator.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Configurator
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.controlcircuit.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.craftingformula.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Formula
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.crystal.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.dictionary.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Dictionary
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.dirtydust.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.dust.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.electricbow.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Electric Bow
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.electrolyticcore.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.energytablet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Energy Tablet
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.energyupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.enrichedalloy.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.enrichediron.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Iron
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.filterupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.flamethrower.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Flamethrower
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.freerunners.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Free Runners
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.gasmask.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gas Mask
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.gasupgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.gaugedropper.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.itemproxy.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.jetpack.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.mufflingupgrade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.networkreader.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Network Reader
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.nugget.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Refined Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.otherdust.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Dust
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.polyethene.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.portableteleporter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.reinforcedalloy.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.robit.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Robit
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.salt.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Salt
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.sawdust.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sawdust
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.scubatank.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Tank
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.seismicreader.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Seismic Reader
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.shard.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shard
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.speedupgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.substrate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Substrate
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.teleportationcore.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Teleportation Core
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.tierinstaller.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.walkietalkie.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.exist.mekanismgenerators.hohlraum.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Hohlraum
fe.protection.exist.mekanismgenerators.solarpanel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Solar Panel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismgenerators.turbineblade.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.bronzeaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.bronzeboots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.bronzechestplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.bronzehelmet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.bronzehoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.bronzeleggings.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.bronzepaxel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.bronzepickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.bronzeshovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.bronzesword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.diamondpaxel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.glowstoneaxe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.glowstoneboots.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.glowstonechestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.glowstonehelmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.glowstonehoe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.glowstoneleggings.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.glowstonepaxel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.glowstonepickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.glowstoneshovel.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.glowstonesword.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.goldpaxel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Gold Paxel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.ironpaxel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Paxel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.lapislazuliaxe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.lapislazuliboots.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.lapislazulichestplate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.lapislazulihelmet.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.lapislazulihoe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.lapislazulileggings.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.lapislazulipaxel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.lapislazulipickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.lapislazulishovel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.lapislazulisword.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.obsidianaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.obsidianboots.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.obsidianchestplate.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.obsidianhelmet.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.obsidianhoe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.obsidianleggings.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.obsidianpaxel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.obsidianpickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.obsidianshovel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.obsidiansword.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.osmiumaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Axe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.osmiumboots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Boots
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.osmiumchestplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.osmiumhelmet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.osmiumhoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.osmiumleggings.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.osmiumpaxel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.osmiumpickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.osmiumshovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.osmiumsword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Sword
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.steelaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.steelboots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.steelchestplate.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.steelhelmet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.steelhoe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.steelleggings.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.steelpaxel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Paxel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.steelpickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.steelshovel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.steelsword.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.stonepaxel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Paxel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismtools.woodpaxel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wood Paxel
fe.protection.exist.microblockcbe.microblock.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Unnamed
fe.protection.exist.microblockcbe.saw_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.microblockcbe:saw_diamond.name
fe.protection.exist.microblockcbe.saw_iron.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.microblockcbe:saw_iron.name
fe.protection.exist.microblockcbe.saw_stone.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.microblockcbe:saw_stone.name
fe.protection.exist.microblockcbe.stone_rod.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.microblockcbe:stone_rod.name
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.air.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Air
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Armor Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST White Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Birch Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.birch_door.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Birch Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Oak Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.elytra.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Elytra
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST End Crystal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Furnace Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hopper Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Knowledge Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Milk
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mutton.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mutton
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shield.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Shulker Shell
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.splash_potion.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Totem of Undying
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.exist.modularrouters.augment.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fast Pickup Augment
fe.protection.exist.modularrouters.augment_core.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Augment Core
fe.protection.exist.modularrouters.blank_module.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blank Module
fe.protection.exist.modularrouters.blank_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blank Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.modularrouters.filter.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bulk Item Filter
fe.protection.exist.modularrouters.module.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Dropper Module
fe.protection.exist.modularrouters.override_card.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Security Override Card
fe.protection.exist.modularrouters.upgrade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Stack Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.moremystcraft.maintainer_suit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Maintainer Suit
fe.protection.exist.morphtool.tool.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Morphing Tool
fe.protection.exist.mystcraft.agebook.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Descriptive Book
fe.protection.exist.mystcraft.booster.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sealed Notebook
fe.protection.exist.mystcraft.folder.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Collation Folder
fe.protection.exist.mystcraft.glasses.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST XComp's Glasses
fe.protection.exist.mystcraft.linkbook.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Linking Book
fe.protection.exist.mystcraft.page.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.myst.page.name
fe.protection.exist.mystcraft.portfolio.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Symbol Portfolio
fe.protection.exist.mystcraft.unlinkedbook.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Unlinked Link Book
fe.protection.exist.mystcraft.vial.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ink Vial
fe.protection.exist.mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Writing Desk
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.apatite_essence.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Apatite Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.apatite_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Apatite Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.ardite_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.ardite_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.basalt_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Basalt Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.basalt_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Basalt Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.basalz_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Basalz Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.basalz_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Basalz Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.blaze_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.blaze_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.blitz_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blitz Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.blitz_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blitz Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.blizz_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blizz Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.blizz_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blizz Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.brass_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Brass Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.brass_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Brass Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.bronze_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.bronze_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_essence.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_seeds.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Certus Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.charm.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Blank Charm
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.chicken_essence.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.chicken_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.chunk.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tier 1 Mob Chunk
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.coal.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Coal
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.coal_essence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Coal Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.coal_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Coal Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_essence.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Iron Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_seeds.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Iron Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_essence.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Conductive Iron Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_seeds.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Conductive Iron Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.constantan_essence.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.constantan_seeds.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.copper_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.copper_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Copper Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.core_remover.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §cCore Remover
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.cow_essence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cow Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.cow_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cow Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.crafting.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.creeper_essence.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.creeper_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_essence.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Dark Steel Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_seeds.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Dark Steel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.desh_essence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Desh Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.desh_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Desh Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.diamond_essence.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.diamond_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.dirt_essence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dirt Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.dirt_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Dirt Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.dye_essence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Dye Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.dye_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Dye Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_essence.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_seeds.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Electrical Steel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.electrum_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.electrum_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.elementium_essence.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.elementium_seeds.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Elementium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.emerald_essence.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.emerald_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.end_essence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST End Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.end_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST End Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_essence.*                               # (default: true) EXIST End Steel Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST End Steel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.enderium_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Enderium Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.enderium_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Enderium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.enderman_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Enderman Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.enderman_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Enderman Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_essence.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Energetic Alloy Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_seeds.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Energetic Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.experience_essence.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Experience Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.experience_seeds.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Experience Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.fertilized_essence.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §dFertilized Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_essence.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Ingot Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_seeds.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Ingot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.fire_essence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Fire Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.fire_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Fire Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.fluix_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Fluix Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.fluix_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fluix Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_essence.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Fluxed Electrum Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_seeds.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Fluxed Electrum Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.gear.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Tool Core
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.ghast_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.ghast_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_essence.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_essence.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Ingot Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_seeds.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Ingot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.gold_essence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Gold Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.gold_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Gold Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_essence.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Grains of Infinity Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_seeds.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Grains of Infinity Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.graphite_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Graphite Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.graphite_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Graphite Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.guardian_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Guardian Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.guardian_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Guardian Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.ice_essence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ice Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.ice_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ice Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_apple.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Apple
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_arrow.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Arrow
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_axe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Axe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_boots.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Boots
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_bow.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Bow
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_chestplate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_fishing_rod.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_leggings.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_scythe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Scythe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_shears.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Shears
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_shovel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_sickle.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Sickle
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.inferium_sword.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Sword
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.infusion_crystal.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Infusion Crystal
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_apple.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Apple
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_arrow.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Arrow
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_axe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Axe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_boots.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Boots
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_bow.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Bow
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_fishing_rod.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_helmet.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_leggings.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_scythe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Scythe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_shears.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Shears
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_shovel.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_sickle.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Sickle
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_sword.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §6Intermedium Sword
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.invar_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Invar Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.invar_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Invar Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_essence.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Ore Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_seeds.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Iridium Ore Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.iron_essence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.iron_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_essence.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Knightmetal Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_seeds.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Knightmetal Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_essence.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Knightslime Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_seeds.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Knightslime Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_essence.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_seeds.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Lazuli Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.lead_essence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lead Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.lead_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lead Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.limestone_essence.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Limestone Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.limestone_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Limestone Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.lumium_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lumium Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.lumium_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Lumium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_essence.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Manasteel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_essence.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.marble_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Marble Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.marble_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Marble Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.master_infusion_crystal.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §cMaster Infusion Crystal
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_essence.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_seeds.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Meteoric Iron Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.mystical_fertilizer.*                             # (default: true) EXIST §dMystical Fertilizer
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_essence.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Flower Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_seeds.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Mystical Flower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.nature_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nature Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.nature_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nature Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.nether_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nether Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_essence.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_seeds.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.nether_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nether Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.nickel_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.nickel_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.osmium_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.osmium_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Osmium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.peridot_essence.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.peridot_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Peridot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.pig_essence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pig Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.pig_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pig Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.platinum_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.platinum_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_apple.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Apple
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_arrow.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Arrow
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_axe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Axe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_boots.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Boots
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_bow.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Bow
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_chestplate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_fishing_rod.*                          # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_helmet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_hoe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_leggings.*                             # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_pickaxe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_scythe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Scythe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_shears.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Shears
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_shovel.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_sickle.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Sickle
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_sword.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §aPrudentium Sword
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_essence.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Pulsating Iron Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Pulsating Iron Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_essence.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Quicksilver Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_seeds.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Quicksilver Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_essence.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Alloy Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.redstone_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.redstone_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_essence.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Refined Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_seeds.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Refined Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.rubber_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.rubber_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Rubber Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.ruby_essence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.ruby_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ruby Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_essence.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Saltpeter Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Saltpeter Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.sheep_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sheep Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.sheep_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Sheep Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.signalum_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Signalum Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.signalum_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Signalum Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.silicon_essence.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.silicon_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Silicon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.silver_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Silver Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.silver_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Silver Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_essence.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Sky Stone Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sky Stone Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.slime_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Slime Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.slime_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Slime Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.soularium_essence.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Soularium Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.soularium_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Soularium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.soulium_dagger.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §dSoulium Dagger
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.spider_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spider Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.spider_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Spider Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.steel_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Steel Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.steel_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.stone_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Stone Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.stone_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sulfur Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Sulfur Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_apple.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Apple
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_arrow.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Arrow
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_axe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Axe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_boots.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Boots
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_bow.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Bow
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_chestplate.*                             # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_fishing_rod.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_leggings.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_scythe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Scythe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_shears.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Shears
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_shovel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_sickle.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Sickle
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.superium_sword.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST §bSuperium Sword
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_apple.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Apple
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_arrow.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Arrow
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_axe.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Axe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_boots.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Boots
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_bow.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Bow
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_chestplate.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_fishing_rod.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_helmet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Helmet
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_hoe.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_leggings.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_scythe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Scythe
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_shears.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Shears
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_shovel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_sickle.*                                # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Sickle
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.supremium_sword.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §cSupremium Sword
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_essence.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_seeds.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Terrasteel Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.tier1_inferium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.tier2_inferium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.tier3_inferium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.tier4_inferium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.tier5_inferium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.tin_essence.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tin Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.tin_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.titanium_essence.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.titanium_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Titanium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_essence.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 238 Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_seeds.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Uranium 238 Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.uranium_essence.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.uranium_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Uranium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_essence.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Vibrant Alloy Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_seeds.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Vibrant Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_essence.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Void Metal Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_seeds.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Void Metal Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.water_essence.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Water Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.water_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Water Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.watering_can.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST §eInferium Watering Can
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_essence.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wither Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_seeds.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wither Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.wood_essence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wood Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.wood_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wood Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.xp_droplet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Experience Droplet
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_essence.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Yellorium Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.zinc_essence.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.zinc_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Zinc Seeds
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.zombie_essence.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Essence
fe.protection.exist.mysticalagriculture.zombie_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Seeds
fe.protection.exist.natura.bloodwood_axe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.natura.bloodwood_bow.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Bow
fe.protection.exist.natura.bloodwood_kama.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Kama
fe.protection.exist.natura.bloodwood_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.natura.bloodwood_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.natura.bloodwood_sword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Bloodwood Sword
fe.protection.exist.natura.bonemeal_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bone Meal Bag
fe.protection.exist.natura.darkwood_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.natura.darkwood_bow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Bow
fe.protection.exist.natura.darkwood_kama.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Kama
fe.protection.exist.natura.darkwood_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.natura.darkwood_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.natura.darkwood_sword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Sword
fe.protection.exist.natura.edibles.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Imphide
fe.protection.exist.natura.empty_bowls.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Empty Ghostwood Bowl
fe.protection.exist.natura.flint_and_blaze.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Blaze
fe.protection.exist.natura.fusewood_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.natura.fusewood_bow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Bow
fe.protection.exist.natura.fusewood_kama.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Kama
fe.protection.exist.natura.fusewood_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.natura.fusewood_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.natura.fusewood_sword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fusewood Sword
fe.protection.exist.natura.ghostwood_axe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.natura.ghostwood_bow.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Bow
fe.protection.exist.natura.ghostwood_kama.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Kama
fe.protection.exist.natura.ghostwood_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.natura.ghostwood_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.natura.ghostwood_sword.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Sword
fe.protection.exist.natura.imp_armor_boots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Impskin Boots
fe.protection.exist.natura.imp_armor_chestplate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Impskin Jerkin
fe.protection.exist.natura.imp_armor_helmet.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Impskin Helmet
fe.protection.exist.natura.imp_armor_leggings.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Impskin Leggings
fe.protection.exist.natura.materials.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Barley
fe.protection.exist.natura.nether_doors.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.exist.natura.netherquartz_axe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.natura.netherquartz_kama.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Kama
fe.protection.exist.natura.netherquartz_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.natura.netherquartz_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.exist.natura.netherquartz_sword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Quartz Sword
fe.protection.exist.natura.overworld_doors.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.exist.natura.overworld_seed_bags.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Barley Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.natura.overworld_seeds.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Barley Seeds
fe.protection.exist.natura.saguaro_fruit_item.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.exist.natura.seed_bags.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wheat Seed Bag
fe.protection.exist.natura.soups.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.natura.sticks.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Maple Sticks
fe.protection.exist.naturescompass.naturescompass.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Nature's Compass
fe.protection.exist.omlib.debug_tool.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Debug Tool
fe.protection.exist.omlib.fake_sword.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.fake_sword.name
fe.protection.exist.omlib.multi_tool.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.multi_tool.name
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.cartographer.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cartographer
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.crane_backpack.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crane Backpack
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.crane_control.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crane Control
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.crayon_glasses.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.cursor.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cursor
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.dev_null.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST /dev/null
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.empty_map.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.epic_eraser.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Epic Eraser
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.generic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Glider Wing
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.generic_unstackable.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pointer
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.glyph.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST 'À' Glyph
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.golden_eye.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden eye
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.hang_glider.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hang Glider
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.height_map.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Height Map
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.info_book.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.luggage.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Luggage
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.paintbrush.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Paint Brush
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.pedometer.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pedometer
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.pencil_glasses.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.serious_glasses.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Badass Glasses
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.sleeping_bag.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.slimalyzer.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Slimalyzer
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.sonic_glasses.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.sponge_on_a_stick.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Sponge
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.squeegee.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Squeegee
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.stencil.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stencil
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.tasty_clay.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Tasty Clay
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.technicolor_glasses.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.wrench.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.exist.openblocks.xp_bucket.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST XP Bucket
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.card.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Debug Card
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.component.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Central Processing Unit (CPU) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.hoverboots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hover Boots
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.material.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cutting Wire
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.misc.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tablet
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.storage.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST EEPROM
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.tool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Analyzer
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Angel Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.wrench.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Scrench
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.addon_meta.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.ammo_meta.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.intermediate_regular.*                             # (default: true) EXIST IO Bus
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.intermediate_tiered.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.upgrade_meta.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.exist.openmodularturrets.usable_meta.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.exist.pages.block_writer.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Block Writer
fe.protection.exist.patchouli.guide_book.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Guide Book
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.dish_keycard.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Communication Dish Keycard
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.item_satellite_rocket.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Satellite Rocket
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_0.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_1.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_10.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_11.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_12.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_13.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_14.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_15.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_16.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_17.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_18.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_19.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_2.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_20.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_21.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_22.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_23.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_24.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_25.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_26.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_27.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_28.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_29.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_3.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_30.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_31.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_32.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_33.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_34.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_35.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_36.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_37.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_38.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_39.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_4.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_40.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_41.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_42.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_43.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_44.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_45.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_46.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_47.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_48.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_49.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_5.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_50.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_51.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_52.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_53.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_54.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_55.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_6.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_7.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_8.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.research_paper_9.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Research Paper
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.satellite_basic.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Satellite
fe.protection.exist.planetprogression.satellite_module_basic.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Satellite Module
fe.protection.exist.plethora.keyboard.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Keyboard
fe.protection.exist.plethora.module.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Introspection module
fe.protection.exist.plethora.neuralconnector.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Neural connector
fe.protection.exist.plethora.neuralinterface.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Neural interface
fe.protection.exist.plustic.alumiteingot.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Alumite Ingot
fe.protection.exist.plustic.alumitenugget.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Alumite Nugget
fe.protection.exist.plustic.battery_cell.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Battery Cell
fe.protection.exist.plustic.invaringot.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Invar Ingot
fe.protection.exist.plustic.invarnugget.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Nugget
fe.protection.exist.plustic.laser_medium.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Laser Medium
fe.protection.exist.plustic.mirioningot.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Mirion Ingot
fe.protection.exist.plustic.mirionnugget.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Mirion Nugget
fe.protection.exist.plustic.osgloglasingot.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Osgloglas Ingot
fe.protection.exist.plustic.osgloglasnugget.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Osgloglas Nugget
fe.protection.exist.plustic.osmiridiumingot.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Osmiridium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.plustic.osmiridiumnugget.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Osmiridium Nugget
fe.protection.exist.plustic.pipe_piece.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Piece
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.advanced_pcb.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Advanced PCB
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.air_canister.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Air Canister
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.air_grate_module.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Air Grate Tube Module
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.amadron_tablet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Amadron Tablet
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.armor_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Armor Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.assembly_program.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Assembly Program: Drill
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.block_tracker_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Block Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.camo_applicator.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Camouflage Applicator
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.cannon_barrel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Cannon Barrel
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.capacitor.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Capacitor
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.charging_module.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Charging Module
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.charging_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Charging Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.compressed_iron_gear.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Iron Gear
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.coordinate_tracker_upgrade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Coordinate Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.creative_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Creative Supply Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.crop_support.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crop Support
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.dispenser_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Dispenser Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.drone.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Drone
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.empty_pcb.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Empty PCB
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.entity_tracker_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Entity Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.failed_pcb.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Failed PCB
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.flow_detector_module.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Flow Detector Tube Module
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.gps_area_tool.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST GPS Area Tool
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.gps_tool.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST GPS Tool
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_ap.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Armor-Piercing Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_explosive.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Explosive Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_freezing.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Freezing Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_incendiary.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Incendiary Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_weighted.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Weighted Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.harvesting_drone.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Harvesting Drone
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.heat_frame.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Heat Frame
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.ingot_iron_compressed.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.item_life_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Item Life Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.jet_boots_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Jet Boots Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.logistic_drone.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Logistic Drone
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_active_provider.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Logistic Active Provider Frame
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_default_storage.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Logistic Default Storage Frame
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_passive_provider.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Logistic Passive Provider Frame
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_requester.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Logistic Requester Frame
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_storage.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Logistic Storage Frame
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.logistics_configurator.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Configurator
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.logistics_module.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Logistics Module
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.magnet_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Magnet Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.manometer.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Manometer
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.micromissiles.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Micromissiles
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.minigun.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Minigun
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.network_component.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diagnostic Subroutine
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.night_vision_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Night Vision Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.nuke_virus.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Nuke Virus
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.pcb_blueprint.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST PCB Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.plastic.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Black Plastic
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_boots.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Boots
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_chestplate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_cylinder.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Cylinder
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Helmet
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_leggings.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Leggings
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_wrench.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pneumatic Wrench
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.pressure_gauge.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Pressure Gauge
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.pressure_gauge_module.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Pressure Gauge Tube Module
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.printed_circuit_board.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Printed Circuit Board
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.programming_puzzle.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Black Programming Puzzle
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.range_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Range Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.redstone_module.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Module
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.regulator_tube_module.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Regulator Tube Module
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.reinforced_air_canister.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Air Canister
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.remote.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Remote
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.safety_tube_module.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Safety Tube Module
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.scuba_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST SCUBA Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.search_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Item Search Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.security_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Security Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.seismic_sensor.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Seismic Sensor
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.spawner_agitator.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Spawner Agitator
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.speed_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.stone_base.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Base
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.stop_worm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST STOP! Worm
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.thaumcraft_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Thaumcraft Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.transfer_gadget.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Transfer Gadget
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.transistor.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Transistor
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.turbine_blade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.turbine_rotor.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.unassembled_pcb.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Unassembled PCB
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.volume_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Volume Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.pneumaticcraft.vortex_cannon.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vortex Cannon
fe.protection.exist.portalgun.item_dust_ender_pearl.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl Dust
fe.protection.exist.portalgun.item_miniature_black_hole.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Miniature Black Hole
fe.protection.exist.portalgun.item_portalgun.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Portal Gun
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.power_fist.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Power Fist
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.powerarmor_feet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Power Armor Boots
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.powerarmor_head.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Power Armor Helmet
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.powerarmor_legs.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Power Armor Leggings
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.powerarmor_torso.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Power Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.powersuits.powerarmorcomponent.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wiring
fe.protection.exist.projectred-core.drawplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.core.drawplate.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-core.multimeter.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.core.multimeter.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-core.resource_item.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.core.itemResource.plate.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-core.screwdriver.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.core.screwdriver.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.charged_battery.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.battery.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.electric_screwdriver.*                           # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.screwdriverElectric.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.empty_battery.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.batteryEmpty.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*                            # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.enderPearlInfused.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.jetpack.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.jetpack.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.plan.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.plan.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.solar_panel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.solarPanel.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.athame.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.athame.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.backpack.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.backpack|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.diamond_sickle.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleDiamond.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.golden_saw.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sawGold.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.golden_sickle.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleGold.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.iron_sickle.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleIron.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_axe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.axePeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_boots.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.bootsPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_chestplate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.chestplatePeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_helmet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.helmetPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_hoe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.hoePeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_leggings.*                             # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.leggingsPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_pickaxe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.pickaxePeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_saw.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sawPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_shovel.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.shovelPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_sickle.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sicklePeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_sword.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.swordPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_axe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.axeRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_boots.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.bootsRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_chestplate.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.chestplateRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.helmetRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_hoe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.hoeRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_leggings.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.leggingsRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_saw.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sawRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_shovel.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.shovelRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_sickle.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_sword.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.swordRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_axe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.axeSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_boots.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.bootsSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.chestplateSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_helmet.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.helmetSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.hoeSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_leggings.*                            # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.leggingsSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_saw.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sawSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_shovel.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.shovelSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sickle.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sword.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.swordSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.stone_sickle.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleStone.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.wooden_sickle.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleWood.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.wool_gin.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.woolGin.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-fabrication.ic_blueprint.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.fabrication.icBlueprint.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-fabrication.ic_chip.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.fabrication.icChip|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.cage_lamp.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.cageLamp|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.fallout_lamp.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.falloutLamp|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.feedback_light_button.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.lightButtonFeedback|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.fixture_light.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLight|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.inverted_cage_lamp.*                          # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.cageLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.inverted_fallout_lamp.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.falloutLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.inverted_fixture_light.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLightInverted|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.inverted_lantern.*                            # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.lanternInverted|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.lantern.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.lantern|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.light_button.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.lightButton|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-integration.gate.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.integration.gate|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-transmission.framed_wire.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.transmission.wireFramed|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-transmission.wire.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.transmission.wire|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-transportation.pipe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.transportation.pipe|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-transportation.router_utility.*                            # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.transportation.routerUtility.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-transportation.routing_chip.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.transportation.routingChip|0.name
fe.protection.exist.quark.ancient_tome.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Tome
fe.protection.exist.quark.archaeologist_hat.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Archaeologist Hat
fe.protection.exist.quark.arrow_ender.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ender Arrow
fe.protection.exist.quark.arrow_explosive.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Explosive Arrow
fe.protection.exist.quark.arrow_torch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Torch Arrow
fe.protection.exist.quark.chain.*                                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chain
fe.protection.exist.quark.colored_item_frame.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST White Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.cooked_crab_leg.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Crab Leg
fe.protection.exist.quark.crab_leg.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crab Leg
fe.protection.exist.quark.crab_shell.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crab Shell Fragment
fe.protection.exist.quark.diamond_heart.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Heart of Diamond
fe.protection.exist.quark.enderdragon_scale.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Dragon Scale
fe.protection.exist.quark.glass_item_frame.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Glass Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.quark.glass_shards.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Glass Shard
fe.protection.exist.quark.horse_whistle.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Horse Whistle
fe.protection.exist.quark.parrot_egg.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Red Parrot Egg
fe.protection.exist.quark.pickarang.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Pickarang
fe.protection.exist.quark.pirate_hat.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Pirate Hat
fe.protection.exist.quark.root.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST Cave Root
fe.protection.exist.quark.root_dye.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blue Dye
fe.protection.exist.quark.root_flower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Blue Sprout
fe.protection.exist.quark.rune.*                                                          # (default: true) EXIST White Rune
fe.protection.exist.quark.slime_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Slime in a Bucket
fe.protection.exist.quark.soul_bead.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Soul Bead
fe.protection.exist.quark.soul_powder.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Soul Powder
fe.protection.exist.quark.tallow.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Tallow
fe.protection.exist.quark.trowel.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Trowel
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_boots_steel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_chestplate_steel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_goggles.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_helmet_steel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_leggings_steel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_overalls.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.backpack_apothecary_t1.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.backpack_apothecary_t2.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.backpack_iceman_t1.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.backpack_iceman_t2.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.backpack_signalman_t1.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.railcraft.backpack.signalman.t1.name
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.backpack_signalman_t2.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.railcraft.backpack.signalman.t2.name
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.backpack_trackman_t1.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.backpack_trackman_t2.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.bore.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.borehead_bronze.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.borehead_diamond.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.borehead_iron.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.borehead_steel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_bed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bed Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_cargo.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Cargo Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_chest_metals.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Metals Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_chest_void.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Void Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_gift.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gift Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_ic2_batbox.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Batbox Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_ic2_cesu.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST CESU Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_ic2_mfe.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST MFE Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_jukebox.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Jukebox Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_pumpkin.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_redstone_flux.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_spawner.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Spawner Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_tank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tank Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_tnt_wood.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_trade_station.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Trade Station Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_work.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Work Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_worldspike_admin.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Admin Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_worldspike_personal.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Personal Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_worldspike_standard.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Standard Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.charge.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Charge Coil
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.circuit.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Controller Circuit
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.concrete.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bag of Cement
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.dust.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.filter_bee.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bee Filter
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.filter_bee_genome.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Bee Genome Filter
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.filter_blank.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Blank Filter
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.filter_ore_dict.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ore Dictionary Filter
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.filter_type.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Item Type Filter
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.firestone_cracked.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.firestone_cut.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Cut Firestone
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.firestone_raw.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Firestone
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.firestone_refined.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Refined Firestone
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.fluid_bottle_creosote.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.fluid_bottle_steam.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steam Bottle
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.fuel_coke.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coal Coke
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.gear.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Brass Gear
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.locomotive_creative.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.locomotive_electric.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.locomotive_steam_solid.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.mow_track_layer.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.mow_track_relayer.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.mow_track_remover.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.mow_undercutter.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.nugget.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Nugget
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.plate.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.rail.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Standard Rail
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.railbed.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.rebar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Rebar
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.routing_table.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Routing Table
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.routing_ticket.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.routing_ticket_gold.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.signal_lamp.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Signal Lamp
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tie.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tie
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_axe_steel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_charge_meter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Charge Meter
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_crowbar_iron.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_crowbar_seasons.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crowbar of Seasons
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_crowbar_steel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steel Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_hoe_steel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_magnifying_glass.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_notepad.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_pickaxe_steel.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_shears_steel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shears
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_shovel_steel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_signal_label.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Signal Label
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_signal_surveyor.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Signal Surveyor
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_signal_tuner.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Signal Tuner
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_iron.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Spike Maul
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_steel.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Spike Maul
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_sword_steel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_whistle_tuner.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.track_kit.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invalid Track Kit§r
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.track_parts.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Track Parts
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.turbine_blade.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.turbine_disk.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Disk
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.turbine_rotor.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.artifact_generation_tag.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Artifact Generation Tag
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.block_selector.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Block Selector
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.block_selector_floating.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Floating Block Selector
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.book_generation_tag.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Book Generation Tag
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.inspector.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Inspector
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.inventory_generation_component_tag.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Loot Table Component Tag
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.inventory_generation_single_tag.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Single Loot Generation Tag
fe.protection.exist.reccomplex.inventory_generation_tag.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Loot Generation Tag
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.armor.boots_flux.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.armor.helmet_flux.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.armor.legs_flux.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.armor.plate_flux.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.material.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.axe_flux.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.battlewrench_flux.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.bow_flux.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.excavator_flux.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Excavator
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.fishing_rod_flux.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.hammer_flux.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Hammer
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.pickaxe_flux.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.shield_flux.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Shield
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.shovel_flux.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.sickle_flux.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.sword_flux.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.tool.wrench_flux.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.exist.redstonearsenal.util.quiver_flux.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Flux-Infused Quiver
fe.protection.exist.reforged.arrow_bundle.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Arrow Bundle
fe.protection.exist.reforged.blowgun.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blowgun
fe.protection.exist.reforged.blunderbuss.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Blunderbuss
fe.protection.exist.reforged.blunderbuss_barrel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blunderbuss Barrel
fe.protection.exist.reforged.blunderbuss_bullet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Blunderbuss Shot
fe.protection.exist.reforged.crossbow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.reforged.crossbow_bolt.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Crossbow Bolt
fe.protection.exist.reforged.dart_hunger.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dart of Hunger
fe.protection.exist.reforged.dart_normal.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Normal Dart
fe.protection.exist.reforged.dart_poison.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Dart
fe.protection.exist.reforged.dart_poison_strong.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Very Poisionous Dart
fe.protection.exist.reforged.dart_slowness.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Dart of Slowness
fe.protection.exist.reforged.dart_wither.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Dart of the Wither
fe.protection.exist.reforged.diamond_dirk.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Dirk
fe.protection.exist.reforged.diamond_katana.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Katana
fe.protection.exist.reforged.diamond_mace.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Mace
fe.protection.exist.reforged.diamond_pike.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pike
fe.protection.exist.reforged.diamond_saber.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Saber
fe.protection.exist.reforged.dummy.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Training Dummy
fe.protection.exist.reforged.dynamite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Dynamite
fe.protection.exist.reforged.firerod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Firerod
fe.protection.exist.reforged.golden_dirk.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Golden Dirk
fe.protection.exist.reforged.golden_katana.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Golden Katana
fe.protection.exist.reforged.golden_mace.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Golden Mace
fe.protection.exist.reforged.golden_pike.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pike
fe.protection.exist.reforged.golden_saber.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden Saber
fe.protection.exist.reforged.gun_stock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gun Stock
fe.protection.exist.reforged.iron_dirk.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dirk
fe.protection.exist.reforged.iron_katana.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Katana
fe.protection.exist.reforged.iron_mace.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Mace
fe.protection.exist.reforged.iron_pike.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pike
fe.protection.exist.reforged.iron_saber.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Saber
fe.protection.exist.reforged.javelin.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Javelin
fe.protection.exist.reforged.keris.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Kris
fe.protection.exist.reforged.musket.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Musket
fe.protection.exist.reforged.musket_barrel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Musket Barrel
fe.protection.exist.reforged.musket_bullet.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Musket Ball
fe.protection.exist.reforged.nest_of_bees.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Nest Of Bees
fe.protection.exist.reforged.stone_dirk.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Dirk
fe.protection.exist.reforged.stone_katana.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Stone Katana
fe.protection.exist.reforged.stone_mace.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Mace
fe.protection.exist.reforged.stone_pike.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pike
fe.protection.exist.reforged.stone_saber.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Stone Saber
fe.protection.exist.reforged.tab_icon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ignore me!
fe.protection.exist.reforged.tab_icon_integration.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ignore me!
fe.protection.exist.reforged.wooden_dirk.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Dirk
fe.protection.exist.reforged.wooden_katana.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Katana
fe.protection.exist.reforged.wooden_mace.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Mace
fe.protection.exist.reforged.wooden_pike.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pike
fe.protection.exist.reforged.wooden_saber.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Saber
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.itemfluxpack.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Creative Fluxpack
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.itemjetpack.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Creative Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.metaitem.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Particle Customizer (Default)
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.metaitemmods.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Thruster
fe.protection.exist.simplyjetpacks.pilot_goggles.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Pilot Goggles
fe.protection.exist.statues.hammer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Hammer
fe.protection.exist.statues.palette.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Palette
fe.protection.exist.stevescarts.cartmodule.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Coal Engine
fe.protection.exist.stevescarts.modularcart.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Modular Cart
fe.protection.exist.stevescarts.modulecomponents.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Wheels
fe.protection.exist.superfactorymanager.disk.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Memory Disc
fe.protection.exist.supersoundmuffler.sound_muffler_bauble.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Super Sound Muffler
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.arrow.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.axe_head.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.battlesign.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Battlesign
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.binding.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Binding
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bolt.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Bolt Core
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.book.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Materials and You
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bowlimb
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bow_string.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Bowstring
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broadsword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cast.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blank Cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ingot Cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cleaver.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cleaver
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Cross Guard
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.crossbow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.edible.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bacon
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.excavator.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Excavator
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Excavator Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.fletching.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Fletching
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.frypan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Frypan
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hammer.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Hand Guard
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hatchet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ingots.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.kama.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Kama
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.kama_head.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Kama Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.large_plate.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Large Plate
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.longbow.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Longbow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.longsword.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Longsword
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Lumberaxe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.materials.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Seared Brick
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.mattock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mattock
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.nuggets.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pan_head.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Pan
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pattern.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Pattern
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pick_head.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Piggybackpack
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.rapier.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Rapier
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.scythe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Scythe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Scythe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shard.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Shard
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shortbow.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shortbow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Shovel
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shuriken.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shuriken
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sign_head.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Sign Plate
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Slime Boots
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slimesling.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Slimesling
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Rod
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.throwball.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Glowball
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tool Rod
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tough Binding
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Wide Guard
fe.protection.exist.teslacorelib.base_addon.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Base Addon
fe.protection.exist.teslacorelib.energy_tier1.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade I
fe.protection.exist.teslacorelib.energy_tier2.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade II
fe.protection.exist.teslacorelib.speed_tier1.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade I
fe.protection.exist.teslacorelib.speed_tier2.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade II
fe.protection.exist.teslacorelib.wrench.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tesla Wrench
fe.protection.exist.testdummy.dummy.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Training Dummy
fe.protection.exist.thaumcomp.sealconnector.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Golem Seal Connector
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.alumentum.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Alumentum
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.amber.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Amber
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.amulet_vis.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Vis Stone
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.bath_salts.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.baubles.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.bottle_taint.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bottle of Taint
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.brain.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Brain
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.caster_basic.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.causality_collapser.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Causality Collapser
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.celestial_notes.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Notes
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.charm_undying.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Undying
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.chunk.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Beef Nugget
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.cloth_boots.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.cloth_chest.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.cloth_legs.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.cloud_ring.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Cloudstepper Ring
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.cluster.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Native Iron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.creative_flux_sponge.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Flux Sponge
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_blade.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Blade
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_boots.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_chest.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_helm.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_legs.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_chest.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_helm.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_legs.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_chest.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_helm.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_legs.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crystal_essence.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST %s Vis Crystal
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.curio.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Curiosity
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.curiosity_band.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Headband of Curiosity
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.elemental_axe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.elemental_hoe.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.elemental_pick.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.elemental_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.elemental_sword.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.enchanted_placeholder.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Any enchanted item
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.fabric.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Fabric
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.filter.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Filter
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.focus_1.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Lesser Focus
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.focus_2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Advanced Focus
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.focus_3.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Greater Focus
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.focus_pouch.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Focus Pouch
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.fortress_chest.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.fortress_helm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.fortress_legs.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.goggles.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.golem.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golem
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.golem_bell.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.grapple_gun.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Grappler
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_spool.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Grappler Spool
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_tip.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Grappler Head
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.hand_mirror.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.ingot.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.jar_brace.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Brass Lid Brace
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.label.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Blank Label
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.loot_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Common Treasure
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.mechanism_complex.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Complex Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.mechanism_simple.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Simple Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.mind.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Clockwork Mind
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.mirrored_glass.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Mirrored Glass
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.module.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Vision Module
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.morphic_resonator.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Morphic Resonator
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.nugget.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.pech_wand.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Pech Wand
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.phial.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Glass Phial
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.plate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXIST Brass Plate
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.primal_crusher.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Primal Crusher
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.primordial_pearl.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.quicksilver.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Quicksilver
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.resonator.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.salis_mundus.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Salis Mundus
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.sanity_checker.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Sanity Checker
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.sanity_soap.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.scribing_tools.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.seal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Blank Seal
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.tallow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Magic Tallow
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_axe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_boots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_chest.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_helm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_hoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_legs.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_pick.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_sword.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumometer.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Thaumometer
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumonomicon.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.traveller_boots.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.triple_meat_treat.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.turret.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST Automated Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.verdant_charm.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Verdant Heart Charm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.vis_resonator.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Vis Resonator
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Void Axe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_boots.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Void Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_chest.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Void Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_helm.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Void Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Void Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_legs.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Void Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_pick.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_robe_chest.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_robe_helm.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_robe_legs.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_seed.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Void Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Void Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_sword.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Void Sword
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.voidseer_charm.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Voidseer's Pearl
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Greatwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.augment_builder_effect.*                          # (default: true) EXIST item..name
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.augment_builder_power.*                           # (default: true) EXIST item..name
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.augment_caster_rift_energy_storage.*              # (default: true) EXIST Impetus Conductor
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.augment_custom.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Modular Caster Augment
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.augment_vis_battery.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Vis Battery Augment
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.autocaster_placer.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Autocaster
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.biome_selector.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Biome Focus
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.celestial_observer_placer.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Observer
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock_key.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Runed Tablet
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.elytra_harness.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Elytra Harness
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.elytra_harness_augment.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Impetus Thruster Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.focus_ancient.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Focus
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.fracture_locator.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Fracture Locator
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.gauntlet.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_linker.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Impetus Resonator
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.impulse_cannon.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Impulse Cannon
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.impulse_cannon_augment.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Railgun Conversion
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.key.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Key
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.material.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Vis Regeneration Lattice
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.morphic_tool.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Morphic Tool
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk_placer.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Eldritch Obelisk
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.primal_cutter.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Primal Cutter
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.research_notes.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tattered Scrolls
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.rift_seed.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Flux Rift Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.seal_copier.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Seal Copier
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Robe of the Adept
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_hood.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Hood of the Adept
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_leggings.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Leggings of the Adept
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.thaumostatic_harness.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.thaumostatic_harness_augment.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Gyroscope Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.thaumicaugmentation.void_boots.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.arcane_terminal.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.coalescence_core.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Coalescence Core
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.diffusion_core.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Diffusion Core
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.dummy_aspect.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST [ERROR] Report to mod dev
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_16k.*                                # (default: true) EXIST 16k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_1k.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_4k.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST 4k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_64k.*                                # (default: true) EXIST 64k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_creative.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Creative ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_16k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST 16k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_1k.*                            # (default: true) EXIST 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_4k.*                            # (default: true) EXIST 4k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_64k.*                           # (default: true) EXIST 64k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_export.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST ME Essentia Export Bus
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_import.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST ME Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_storage.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST ME Essentia Storage Bus
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.essentia_terminal.*                                # (default: true) EXIST ME Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.exist.thaumicenergistics.upgrade_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Charging Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.exist.thaumictinkerer.blood_sword.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.exist.thaumictinkerer.connector.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Transvector Binder
fe.protection.exist.thaumictinkerer.energetic_nitor.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Energetic Nitor
fe.protection.exist.thaumictinkerer.mob_aspect.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.thaumictinkerer:mob_aspect.name
fe.protection.exist.thaumictinkerer.share_book.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.exist.thaumictinkerer.soul_mould.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Soul Mould
fe.protection.exist.thaumictinkerer.spellbinding_cloth.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.alchemist_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Alchemist's Stone
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.alienist_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Alienist's Stone
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.bone_bow.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Bow of Bone
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.cinderpearl_seed.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cinderpearl Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.cleansing_charm.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Cleansing Charm
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.disjunction_cloth.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Disjunction Cloth
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.eldritch_cluster.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Eldritch Iron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.flying_carpet.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Flying Carpet
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.lethe_water.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Lethe Water
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.night_vision_goggles.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Night-Vision Goggles
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.panacea.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Panacea
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.primal_arrow.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Air Arrow
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.primal_destroyer.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primal Destroyer
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.primordial_grain.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Grain
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.shimmerleaf_seed.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Shimmerleaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.structure_diviner.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Structure Diviner
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.timewinder.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Timewinder
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.transmuter_stone.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Transmuter's Stone
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.vishroom_spore.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Vishroom Spore
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_chest.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_helm.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_legs.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.thaumtweaks.filler.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Filler
fe.protection.exist.thermalcultivation.watering_can.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Watering Can (Basic)
fe.protection.exist.thermaldynamics.cover.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Invalid Cover
fe.protection.exist.thermaldynamics.filter.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Filter
fe.protection.exist.thermaldynamics.relay.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Relay
fe.protection.exist.thermaldynamics.retriever.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Retriever
fe.protection.exist.thermaldynamics.servo.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Servo
fe.protection.exist.thermalexpansion.augment.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Augment: item.invalid.name
fe.protection.exist.thermalexpansion.capacitor.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Flux Capacitor (Basic)
fe.protection.exist.thermalexpansion.florb.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Florb (info.cofh.empty§r)
fe.protection.exist.thermalexpansion.frame.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Machine Frame
fe.protection.exist.thermalexpansion.morb.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Morb (info.cofh.empty§r)
fe.protection.exist.thermalexpansion.reservoir.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Reservoir (Basic)
fe.protection.exist.thermalexpansion.satchel.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Satchel (Basic)
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_bronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_constantan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_copper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_electrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_invar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_lead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_nickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_platinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_silver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_steel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_tin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Boots
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_aluminum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_bronze.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_constantan.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_copper.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_electrum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_invar.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Invar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_lead.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lead Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_nickel.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_platinum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_silver.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Silver Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_steel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_tin.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tin Helmet
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_aluminum.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_bronze.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_constantan.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_copper.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_electrum.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_invar.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Invar Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_lead.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lead Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_nickel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_platinum.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_silver.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silver Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_steel.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_tin.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tin Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_bronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_constantan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_copper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_electrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_invar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_lead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_nickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_platinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_silver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_steel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_tin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.bait.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Aqua-Chow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.coin.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Coin
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.diagram_redprint.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Redprint
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.dye.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Black Pigment
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.fertilizer.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Phyto-Gro
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.geode.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Geode
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_bronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_constantan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_copper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_electrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_invar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_lead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_nickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_platinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_silver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_steel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_tin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.material.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.meter.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Multimeter
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.security.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Signalum Security Lock
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tome_experience.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tome of Knowledge
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tome_lexicon.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_constantan.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_copper.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_invar.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Invar Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_lead.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lead Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_platinum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_silver.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Silver Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_steel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_tin.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tin Axe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_constantan.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_copper.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_diamond.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_gold.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_invar.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_iron.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_lead.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_platinum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_silver.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_steel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_tin.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_aluminum.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_bronze.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_constantan.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_copper.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Copper Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_diamond.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_electrum.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_gold.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Gold Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_invar.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Invar Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_iron.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_lead.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Lead Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_nickel.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_platinum.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_silver.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Silver Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_steel.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Steel Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_tin.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Tin Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_wood.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Excavator
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_aluminum.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_bronze.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_constantan.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_copper.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_diamond.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_electrum.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_gold.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_invar.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_iron.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_lead.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_nickel.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_platinum.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_silver.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_steel.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Steel Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_stone.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_tin.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_bronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_constantan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_copper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_diamond.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_electrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_gold.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gold Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_invar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_iron.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_lead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_nickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_platinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_silver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_steel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_tin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_wood.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_constantan.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_copper.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Copper Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_invar.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Invar Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_lead.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Lead Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_platinum.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_silver.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Silver Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_steel.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_tin.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Tin Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_aluminum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_bronze.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_constantan.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_copper.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_electrum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_invar.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_lead.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_nickel.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_platinum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_silver.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_steel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_tin.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_bronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_constantan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_copper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_diamond.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_electrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_gold.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gold Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_invar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_lead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_nickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_platinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_silver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_steel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_tin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_wood.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shears
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_bronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_constantan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_copper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_diamond.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_electrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_gold.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gold Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_invar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_iron.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_lead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_nickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_platinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_silver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_steel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_tin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Shield
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_bronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_constantan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_copper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_electrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_invar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_lead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_nickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_platinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_silver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_steel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_tin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_bronze.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_constantan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_copper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_diamond.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_electrum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_gold.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gold Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_invar.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Invar Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_iron.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_lead.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Lead Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_nickel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_platinum.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_silver.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_steel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_tin.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tin Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_wood.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_aluminum.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_bronze.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_constantan.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Constantan Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_copper.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Copper Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_electrum.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Electrum Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_invar.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Invar Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_lead.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lead Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_nickel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nickel Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_platinum.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Platinum Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_silver.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Silver Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_steel.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_tin.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Tin Sword
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.upgrade.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.exist.thermalfoundation.wrench.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.exist.thermalinnovation.drill.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fluxbore (Basic)
fe.protection.exist.thermalinnovation.injector.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Hypoinfuser (Basic)
fe.protection.exist.thermalinnovation.magnet.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Fluxomagnet (Basic)
fe.protection.exist.thermalinnovation.quiver.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Alchemical Quiver (Basic)
fe.protection.exist.thermalinnovation.saw.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Fluxsaw (Basic)
fe.protection.exist.tinkersaddons.modifier_item.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Amelioration Tome
fe.protection.exist.torchmaster.frozen_pearl.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Frozen Pearl
fe.protection.exist.translocators.diamond_nugget.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.exist.translocators.translocator_part.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Item Translocator
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.alpha_fur.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.arctic_boots.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.arctic_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.arctic_fur.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Fur
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.arctic_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Hood
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.arctic_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.armor_shard.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Armor Shard
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.armor_shard_cluster.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.block_and_chain.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Block and Chain
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.borer_essence.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Borer Essence
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.canopy_door.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Canopy Door
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.carminite.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Carminite
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_1.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_2.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_3.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.charm_of_life_1.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Life I
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.charm_of_life_2.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Life II
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.cooked_meef.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Meef Steak
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.cooked_venison.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Venison Steak
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.crumble_horn.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Crumble Horn
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.cube_of_annihilation.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.cube_talisman.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.dark_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Darkwood Door
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ender_bow.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ender Bow
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Experiment 115
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_blood.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Blood
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_boots.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Plate
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_ingot.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_leggings.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Legs
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Pick
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_sword.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_tears.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Tears
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.giant_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.giant_sword.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Giant's Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.glass_sword.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Glass Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.hydra_chop.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Hydra Chop
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ice_bomb.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Ice Bomb
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ice_bow.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Ice Bow
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ice_sword.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ice Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_axe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_boots.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_hoe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_ingot.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_leggings.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_raw.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_shovel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_sword.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_axe.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Axe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_boots.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_chestplate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Plate
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_ingot.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_leggings.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Pick
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_ring.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_shield.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Shield
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_sword.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.lamp_of_cinders.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.lifedrain_scepter.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.liveroot.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Liveroot
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.magic_beans.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Magic Beans
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.magic_map.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Magic Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.magic_map_empty.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.magic_map_focus.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.mangrove_door.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Mangrove Door
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.maze_map.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Maze Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.maze_map_empty.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.maze_map_focus.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.maze_wafer.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Maze Wafer
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.mazebreaker_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Mazebreaker
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.meef_stroganoff.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.mine_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Minewood Door
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.minotaur_axe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.minotaur_axe_gold.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.moon_dial.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Moon Dial
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.moonworm_queen.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.naga_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.naga_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.naga_scale.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ore_magnet.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Ore Magnet
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ore_map.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ore_map_empty.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ore_meter.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.peacock_fan.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.phantom_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Phantom Plate
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.phantom_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Phantom Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.raven_feather.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Raven Feather
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.raw_meef.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meef
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.raw_venison.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Venison
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.seeker_bow.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Seeker Bow
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.shield_scepter.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Scepter of Fortification
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.sort_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Sortingwood Door
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_axe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_boots.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_hoe.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_ingot.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_leggings.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_shovel.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_sword.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.time_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Timewood Door
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.torchberries.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST Torchberries
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.tower_key.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Tower Key
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.trans_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Transwood Door
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.transformation_powder.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Transformation Powder
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.triple_bow.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Tri-bow
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.trophy.*                                               # (default: true) EXIST Naga Trophy
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.twilight_oak_door.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Twilight Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.twilight_scepter.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.yeti_boots.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.yeti_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.yeti_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.yeti_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.zombie_scepter.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.exist.whoosh.transporter.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Transporter (Basic)
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.er_card.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Extreme Reactor Card
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.er_kit.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST Extreme Reactor Kit
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.fluid_card.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Card
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.fluid_kit.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Fluid Kit
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.forge_energy_card.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Forge Energy Card
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.forge_energy_kit.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Forge Energy Kit
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.ic2_energy_storage_card.*                                # (default: true) EXIST EU Energy Card
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.ic2_energy_storage_kit.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST EU Energy Kit
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_card.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST EU Reactor Card
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_kit.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST EU Reactor Kit
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.image_card.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.worldcontrol.image_card.name
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.remote_panel.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.thermometer.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST Thermometer
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.time_card.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST Time Card
fe.protection.exist.worldcontrol.upgrade_cards.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Range Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.wrcbe.empty_map.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.exist.wrcbe.map.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.exist.wrcbe.material.*                                                      # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.exist.wrcbe.p_sniffer.*                                                     # (default: true) EXIST Private Sniffer
fe.protection.exist.wrcbe.remote.*                                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Remote
fe.protection.exist.wrcbe.rep.*                                                           # (default: true) EXIST REP
fe.protection.exist.wrcbe.sniffer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.exist.wrcbe.tracker.*                                                       # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.exist.wrcbe.triangulator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.exist.wrcbe.wireless_logic.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.alkahestry_tome.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.alkahestry_tome.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.angelheart_vial.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.angelic_feather.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.attraction_potion.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.attraction_potion.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.bullet.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.bullet_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.destruction_catalyst.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.emperor_chalice.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.ender_staff.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.fertile_potion.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.fertile_potion.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.fortune_coin.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.glacial_staff.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.glowing_bread.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.glowing_water.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.gun_part.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.gun_part_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.handgun.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST item.handgun.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.harvest_rod.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.hero_medallion.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST item.holy_hand_grenade.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.ice_magus_rod.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.infernal_chalice.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.infernal_claws.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.infernal_tear.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.kraken_shell.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST item.lantern_of_paranoia.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.magazine.*                                                 # (default: true) EXIST item.magazine_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.magicbane.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.magicbane.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                                              # (default: true) EXIST item.mercy_cross.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.midas_touchstone.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mob_charm.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.mob_charm_-1.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mob_charm_belt.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.mob_charm_belt.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mob_charm_fragment.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST item.mob_charm_fragment_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.mob_ingredient_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.phoenix_down.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.potion.*                                                   # (default: true) EXIST item.potion_empty.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.potion_essence.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.potion_essence.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.pyromancer_staff.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rending_gale.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST item.rod_of_lyssa.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.salamander_eye.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                                            # (default: true) EXIST item.serpent_staff.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST item.shears_of_winter.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.sojourner_staff.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.tipped_arrow.*                                             # (default: true) EXIST Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST item.twilight_cloak.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.void_tear.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.void_tear.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST item.witch_hat.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST item.witherless_rose.name
fe.protection.exist.zerocore.debugtool.*                                                  # (default: true) EXIST Debug Tool
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.itemcardnfc.*                                         # (default: true) EXIST NFC Card
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.itemprivatecardnfc.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Private NFC Card
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.logo.*                                                # (default: true) EXIST Zetta Industries
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.mailmanupgrade.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Mailman Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.smartcard.*                                           # (default: true) EXIST Smart Card [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.zettaindustries.smartcardterminal.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Smart Card Terminal [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.*                                                                 # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.additionalpipes.dog_deaggravator.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dog Deaggravator
fe.protection.inventory.advanced_machines.sharp_plate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sharpened Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.advanced_solar_panels.advancedsolarhelmet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.advanced_solar_panels.crafting.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunnarium
fe.protection.inventory.advanced_solar_panels.hybridsolarhelmet.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.advanced_solar_panels.ultimatesolarhelmet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultimate Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ae2stuff.visualiser.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.inventory.ae2stuff.wireless_kit.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.inventory.akashictome.tome.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Akashic Tome
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.biometric_card.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biometric Card
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_axe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_cutting_knife.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_hoe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_pickaxe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_spade.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_sword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_wrench.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.charged_staff.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Staff
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.color_applicator.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.creative_storage_cell.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.crystal_seed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.dummy_fluid_item.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Water
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.encoded_pattern.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.entropy_manipulator.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.facade.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cable Facade
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_16k.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY §a16k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_1k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §61k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_4k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §e4k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_64k.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY §b64k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.material.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.matter_cannon.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Matter Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.memory_card.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Memory Card
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_axe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_cutting_knife.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_hoe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_pickaxe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_spade.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_sword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_wrench.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.network_tool.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Tool
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.paint_ball.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.part.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.portable_cell.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_128_cubed.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY §d128³§r  Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_16_cubed.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY §916³§r Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_2_cubed.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY §62³§r Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_16k.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §a16k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_1k.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §61k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_4k.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §e4k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_64k.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §b64k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.view_cell.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY View Cell
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.wireless_crafting_terminal.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.wireless_pattern_terminal.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Pattern Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.appliedenergistics2.wireless_terminal.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.aroma1997sdimension.dimensionchanger.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY DimensionChanger
fe.protection.inventory.aroma1997sdimension.miningmultitool.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Multitool
fe.protection.inventory.backpack.backpack.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.backpack.backpack_frame.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Frame
fe.protection.inventory.backpack.backpack_piece.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Top Backpack Piece
fe.protection.inventory.backpack.bound_leather.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Leather
fe.protection.inventory.backpack.stick.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Stick
fe.protection.inventory.backpack.tanned_leather.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tanned Leather
fe.protection.inventory.baubles.ring.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Ring
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas Plate
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Chase
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipboard
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lock and Key
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Screw Gun
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Reading Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Writing Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.compass.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Eternal Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Board
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Saw
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Drill
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.maptool.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Drafting Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Plumb line
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.printplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Plate
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Slotted Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.tape.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.dustblutonium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blutonium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.dustcyanite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyanite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.dustgraphite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Graphite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.dustludicrite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ludicrite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.duststeel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.dustyellorium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.ingotblutonium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blutonium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.ingotcyanite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyanite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.ingotgraphite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Graphite Bar
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.ingotludicrite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ludicrite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.ingotsteel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.ingotyellorium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.mineralanglesite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Anglesite (PbSO4)
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.mineralbenitoite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Benitoite (BaTiSi3O9)
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.reactorcasingcores.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Casing Core (Legacy)
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.turbinehousingcores.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Housing Core (Legacy)
fe.protection.inventory.bigreactors.wrench.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Extreme Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.binniecore.cylinder.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Cylinder
fe.protection.inventory.binniecore.field_kit.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Field Kit
fe.protection.inventory.binniecore.genesis.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Genesis
fe.protection.inventory.binniecore.glass.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.ash.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pile of Ashes
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.berries.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Berry
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.biome_essence.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Essence
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.biome_finder.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Finder
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.black_dye.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Dye
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.blue_dye.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Dye
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_cherry.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_ebony.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ebony Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_ethereal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethereal Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_eucalyptus.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Eucalyptus Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_fir.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fir Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_hellbark.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hellbark Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_jacaranda.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Jacaranda Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_magic.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_mahogany.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mahogany Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_mangrove.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mangrove Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_palm.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Palm Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_pine.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pine Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_redwood.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redwood Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_sacred_oak.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_umbran.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Umbran Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_willow.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Willow Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.brown_dye.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Dye
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.cherry_door.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.crystal_shard.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Crystal Shard
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.earth.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.ebony_door.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ebony Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethereal Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.filled_honeycomb.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Filled Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.fir_door.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fir Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.fleshchunk.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chunk of Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.gem.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.green_dye.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Dye
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hellbark Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.honeycomb.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Jacaranda Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.jar_empty.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Jar
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.jar_filled.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Jar
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.magic_door.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mahogany Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mangrove Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Brick
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mudball.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Ball
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.palm_door.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Palm Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.peach.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.pear.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.persimmon.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.pine_door.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pine Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.record_wanderer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.redwood_door.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redwood Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.ricebowl.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl of Rice
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.shroompowder.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shroom Powder
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.terrestrial_artifact.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrestrial Artifact
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.umbran_door.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Umbran Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.white_dye.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY White Dye
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.willow_door.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Willow Door
fe.protection.inventory.blockcraftery.editable_door.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Framed Door
fe.protection.inventory.blockcraftery.editable_door_reinforced.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Framed Door
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.activation_crystal.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.alchemic_vial.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bloodmagic.alchemic_vial.base.name
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.altar_maker.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Altar Maker
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.arcane_ashes.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Ashes
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.base_fluid_filter.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Filter
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.base_item_filter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Precise Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.blood_orb.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bloodmagic.orb.name
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.blood_shard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.bound_axe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Axe
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.bound_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.bound_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.bound_sword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bound Blade
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.component.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Reagent
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.cutting_fluid.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Cutting Fluid
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.dagger_of_sacrifice.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.demon_will_gauge.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Demon Will Aura Gauge
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.experience_tome.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tome of Peritia
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.icarus_scroll.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Scroll of Icarus
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.inscription_tool.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bloodmagic.scribe.blank.name
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.item_demon_crystal.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Demon Will Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.lava_crystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.living_armour_boots.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Living Boots
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.living_armour_chest.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Living Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.living_armour_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Living Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.living_armour_leggings.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Living Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.monster_soul.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Will
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.node_router.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Node Router
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.pack_sacrifice.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Coat of Arms
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.pack_self_sacrifice.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.points_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Draft of Angelus
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.potion_flask.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Potion Flask
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.ritual_dismantler.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.ritual_diviner.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.ritual_reader.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ritual Tinkerer
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sacrificial_dagger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacrificial Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sanguine_book.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Inspectoris Scandalum
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_boots.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sentient Boots
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_chest.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sentient Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_gem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sentient Armour Gem
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_helmet.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sentient Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_leggings.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sentient Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sentient_axe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sentient Axe
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sentient_bow.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sentient Bow
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sentient_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sentient Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sentient_shovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sentient Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sentient_sword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sentient Sword
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_air.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_blood_light.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_bounce.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Elasticity
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_claw.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Claw
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_compression.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_divination.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Divination Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_elemental_affinity.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_ender_severance.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_fast_miner.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_frost.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Winter's Breath
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_green_grove.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_haste.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_holding.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_lava.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_magnetism.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_phantom_bridge.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_seer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Seer's Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_suppression.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of Suppression
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_teleposition.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleposition Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_transposition.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Transposition Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_void.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_water.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Sigil
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.sigil_whirlwind.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.slate.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Slate
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.soul_gem.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Petty Tartaric Gem
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.soul_snare.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rudimentary Snare
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.teleposition_focus.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.upgrade_tome.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Living Armour Upgrade Tome
fe.protection.inventory.bloodmagic.upgrade_trainer.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Living Armour Training Bracelet
fe.protection.inventory.botania.ancientwill.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Will of Ahrim
fe.protection.inventory.botania.astrolabe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Worldshaper's Astrolabe
fe.protection.inventory.botania.auraring.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Band of Aura
fe.protection.inventory.botania.auraringgreater.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Band of Aura
fe.protection.inventory.botania.autocraftinghalo.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Manufactory Halo
fe.protection.inventory.botania.balancecloak.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloak of Balance
fe.protection.inventory.botania.baublebox.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bauble Case
fe.protection.inventory.botania.blackholetalisman.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Hole Talisman
fe.protection.inventory.botania.blacklotus.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Lotus
fe.protection.inventory.botania.bloodpendant.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tainted Blood Pendant
fe.protection.inventory.botania.brewflask.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flask of Fallback (§l6§r)
fe.protection.inventory.botania.brewvial.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vial of Fallback (§l4§r)
fe.protection.inventory.botania.cacophonium.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cacophonium
fe.protection.inventory.botania.clip.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lens Clip
fe.protection.inventory.botania.cloudpendant.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cirrus Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.botania.cobblerod.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Depths
fe.protection.inventory.botania.corporeaspark.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Corporea Spark
fe.protection.inventory.botania.cosmetic.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bowtie
fe.protection.inventory.botania.craftinghalo.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Assembly Halo
fe.protection.inventory.botania.craftpattern.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Pattern #1: 1x1
fe.protection.inventory.botania.crystalbow.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Bow
fe.protection.inventory.botania.dice.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dice of Fate
fe.protection.inventory.botania.dirtrod.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Lands
fe.protection.inventory.botania.divacharm.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of the Diva
fe.protection.inventory.botania.diviningrod.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Plentiful Mantle
fe.protection.inventory.botania.dodgering.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Dexterous Motion
fe.protection.inventory.botania.dye.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Floral White Powder
fe.protection.inventory.botania.elementiumaxe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.botania.elementiumboots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.botania.elementiumchest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.botania.elementiumhelm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.botania.elementiumhelmreveal.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.botania.elementiumlegs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.botania.elementiumpick.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.botania.elementiumshears.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Shears
fe.protection.inventory.botania.elementiumshovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.botania.elementiumsword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.botania.enderdagger.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Soulscribe
fe.protection.inventory.botania.enderhand.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.botania.exchangerod.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Shifting Crust
fe.protection.inventory.botania.fertilizer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Floral Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.botania.firerod.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Hells
fe.protection.inventory.botania.flighttiara.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Flügel Tiara
fe.protection.inventory.botania.flowerbag.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.botania.flugeleye.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of the Flügel
fe.protection.inventory.botania.gaiahead.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gaia Guardian's Head
fe.protection.inventory.botania.glasspick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vitreous Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.botania.goddesscharm.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Benevolent Goddess' Charm
fe.protection.inventory.botania.grasshorn.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Horn of the Wild
fe.protection.inventory.botania.grassseeds.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pasture Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.botania.gravityrod.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Shaded Mesa
fe.protection.inventory.botania.holycloak.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloak of Virtue
fe.protection.inventory.botania.icependant.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowflake Pendant
fe.protection.inventory.botania.incensestick.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Incense Stick
fe.protection.inventory.botania.infinitefruit.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY The Fruit of Grisaia
fe.protection.inventory.botania.invisibilitycloak.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Invisibility Cloak
fe.protection.inventory.botania.itemfinder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY The Spectator
fe.protection.inventory.botania.keepivy.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Resolute Ivy
fe.protection.inventory.botania.kingkey.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Key of the King's Law
fe.protection.inventory.botania.knockbackbelt.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tectonic Girdle
fe.protection.inventory.botania.laputashard.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shard of Laputa
fe.protection.inventory.botania.lavapendant.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pyroclast Pendant
fe.protection.inventory.botania.lens.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Lens
fe.protection.inventory.botania.lexicon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lexica Botania
fe.protection.inventory.botania.livingwoodbow.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Livingwood Bow
fe.protection.inventory.botania.lokiring.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Loki
fe.protection.inventory.botania.magnetring.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.inventory.botania.magnetringgreater.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manabottle.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana in a Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manacookie.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biscuit of Totality
fe.protection.inventory.botania.managun.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Blaster
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manainkwell.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Botanurgist's Inkwell
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manamirror.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manaresource.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manaring.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Band of Mana
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manaringgreater.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Greater Band of Mana
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manasteelaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manasteelboots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manasteelchest.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manasteelhelm.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manasteelhelmreveal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manasteellegs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manasteelpick.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manasteelshears.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manasteelshovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manasteelsword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manatablet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manaweaveboots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Manaweave Boots
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manaweavechest.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Manaweave Robe Top
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manaweavehelm.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Manaweave Cowl
fe.protection.inventory.botania.manaweavelegs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Manaweave Robe Bottom
fe.protection.inventory.botania.miningring.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of the Mantle
fe.protection.inventory.botania.missilerod.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Unstable Reservoir
fe.protection.inventory.botania.monocle.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Manaseer Monocle
fe.protection.inventory.botania.obediencestick.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Floral Obedience Stick
fe.protection.inventory.botania.odinring.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Odin
fe.protection.inventory.botania.openbucket.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Extrapolated Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.botania.overgrowthseed.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Overgrowth Seed
fe.protection.inventory.botania.pestleandmortar.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pestle and Mortar
fe.protection.inventory.botania.petal.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical White Petal
fe.protection.inventory.botania.phantomink.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Phantom Ink
fe.protection.inventory.botania.pinkinator.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY The Pinkinator
fe.protection.inventory.botania.pixiering.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Great Fairy Ring
fe.protection.inventory.botania.poolminecart.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Mana Pool
fe.protection.inventory.botania.quartz.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.botania.rainbowrod.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Bifrost
fe.protection.inventory.botania.reachring.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Far Reach
fe.protection.inventory.botania.recordgaia1.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.botania.recordgaia2.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.botania.rune.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rune of Water
fe.protection.inventory.botania.sextant.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Worldshaper's Sextant
fe.protection.inventory.botania.skydirtrod.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Highlands
fe.protection.inventory.botania.slimebottle.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime in a Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.botania.slingshot.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Livingwood Slingshot
fe.protection.inventory.botania.smeltrod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Molten Core
fe.protection.inventory.botania.spark.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spark
fe.protection.inventory.botania.sparkupgrade.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spark Augment: Dispersive
fe.protection.inventory.botania.spawnermover.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Life Aggregator
fe.protection.inventory.botania.speedupbelt.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Planestrider's Sash
fe.protection.inventory.botania.spellcloth.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.botania.starsword.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Starcaller
fe.protection.inventory.botania.supercloudpendant.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nimbus Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.botania.superlavapendant.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Pendant
fe.protection.inventory.botania.supertravelbelt.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Globetrotter's Sash
fe.protection.inventory.botania.swapring.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Correction
fe.protection.inventory.botania.temperancestone.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone of Temperance
fe.protection.inventory.botania.terraaxe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Truncator
fe.protection.inventory.botania.terraformrod.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Terra Firma
fe.protection.inventory.botania.terrapick.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Shatterer
fe.protection.inventory.botania.terrasteelboots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.botania.terrasteelchest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.botania.terrasteelhelm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.botania.terrasteelhelmreveal.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.botania.terrasteellegs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.botania.terrasword.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Blade
fe.protection.inventory.botania.thirdeye.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Third Eye
fe.protection.inventory.botania.thornchakram.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thorn Chakram
fe.protection.inventory.botania.thorring.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Thor
fe.protection.inventory.botania.thundersword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thundercaller
fe.protection.inventory.botania.tinyplanet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Planet
fe.protection.inventory.botania.tornadorod.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Skies
fe.protection.inventory.botania.travelbelt.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Soujourner's Sash
fe.protection.inventory.botania.twigwand.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wand of the Forest
fe.protection.inventory.botania.unholycloak.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloak of Sin
fe.protection.inventory.botania.vial.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Managlass Vial
fe.protection.inventory.botania.vineball.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vine Ball
fe.protection.inventory.botania.virus.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Necrodermal Virus
fe.protection.inventory.botania.waterbowl.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl of Water
fe.protection.inventory.botania.waterring.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Chordata
fe.protection.inventory.botania.waterrod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of the Seas
fe.protection.inventory.botania.worldseed.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY World Seed
fe.protection.inventory.botany.botanist_bag.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Botanist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.botany.clay.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Aquamarine Clay
fe.protection.inventory.botany.database.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Botanist Database
fe.protection.inventory.botany.insulated_tube.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Clay Insulated Electron Tube
fe.protection.inventory.botany.itemflower.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.inventory.botany.misc.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash Powder
fe.protection.inventory.botany.misc_ceramic.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mortar
fe.protection.inventory.botany.pigment.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Aquamarine Pigment
fe.protection.inventory.botany.pollen.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.inventory.botany.seed.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.inventory.botany.soil_meter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soil Meter
fe.protection.inventory.botany.trowel_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.botany.trowel_gold.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.botany.trowel_iron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.botany.trowel_stone.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.botany.trowel_wood.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftbuilders.filler_planner.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.buildcraft.filler_planner.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftbuilders.schematic_single.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.schematicSingle.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftbuilders.snapshot.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.templateItem.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.fragile_fluid_shard.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.fragile_fluid_shard.name [ERROR! NULL FLUID!]
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.gear_diamond.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.diamondGearItem.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.gear_gold.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.goldGearItem.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.gear_iron.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ironGearItem.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.gear_stone.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.stoneGearItem.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.gear_wood.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.woodenGearItem.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.list.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.list.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.map_location.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mapLocation.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.marker_connector.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.markerConnector.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.paintbrush.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.paintbrush.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.volume_box.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.volume_box.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftcore.wrench.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.wrenchItem.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftenergy.glob_of_oil.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.globOil.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftfactory.gel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.gel.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftfactory.water_gel_spawn.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.waterGel.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftlib.debugger.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.debugger.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftlib.guide.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.buildcraft.guide.name§r
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftlib.guide_note.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.buildcraft.guide_note.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftsilicon.gate_copier.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.gateCopier.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftsilicon.plug_facade.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.Facade.name: Air
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftsilicon.plug_gate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY gate.name.basic
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftsilicon.plug_lens.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §0§7Black§r item.Lens.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftsilicon.plug_light_sensor.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.light_sensor.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftsilicon.plug_pulsar.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.pulsar.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcraftsilicon.redstone_chipset.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.redstone_red_chipset.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcrafttransport.plug_blocker.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PipePlug.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcrafttransport.plug_power_adaptor.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.PipePowerAdapter.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcrafttransport.waterproof.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.pipeWaterproof.name
fe.protection.inventory.buildcrafttransport.wire.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §z§0§fWhite§r item.pipeWire.name
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.ceiling_fan_fans.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ceiling_fan_fans.name
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_bread_slice.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread Slice
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_cool_pack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooling Pack
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_crayfish.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.item_crayfish.name
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_crow_bar.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crow Bar
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_cup.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cup
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_drink.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.item_drink.name
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_envelope.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Envelope
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_envelope_signed.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.item_envelope_signed.name
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_flesh.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_flesh_cooked.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_hammer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_ink_cartridge.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Cartridge
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_kebab.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Kebab
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_kebab_cooked.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Kebab
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_knife.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Knife
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_log.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chopped Log
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_package.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Package
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_package_signed.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.item_package_signed.name
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_recipe_book.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_sausage.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_sausage_cooked.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_soap.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Soap
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_soap_water.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Soapy Water
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_spatula.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Spatula
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_super_soap_water.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Soapy Water
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.item_toast.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Toast
fe.protection.inventory.cfm.tv_remote.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY TV Remote
fe.protection.inventory.charset.barrelcart.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel Cart
fe.protection.inventory.charset.icon.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY a
fe.protection.inventory.charset.pockettable.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pocket Crafting Table
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY iChisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_iron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.offsettool.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chiseled Bit Bag
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.bitsaw_diamond.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bit Saw
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chiseled Bit
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.mirrorprint.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirror Chisel Design
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.negativeprint.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Negative Chisel Design
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.positiveprint.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Positive Chisel Design
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.tape_measure.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.wrench_wood.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.comforts.hammock.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Hammock Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.comforts.sleeping_bag.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY White Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.inventory.compactsolars.solar_hat_high_voltage.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY High Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.inventory.compactsolars.solar_hat_low_voltage.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Low Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.inventory.compactsolars.solar_hat_medium_voltage.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.inventory.computercraft.disk.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Floppy Disk
fe.protection.inventory.computercraft.disk_expanded.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Floppy Disk
fe.protection.inventory.computercraft.pocket_computer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pocket Computer
fe.protection.inventory.computercraft.printout.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Printed Page
fe.protection.inventory.computercraft.treasure_disk.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Floppy Disk
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.forestry_parts.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Caustic Comb
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.oc_parts.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.oc_special_parts.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.parts.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Track
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.portable_tape_drive.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.relay_sensor.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.tape.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cassette Tape
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.armor_plate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Plates
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.armor_trim.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Trim
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.book.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Materials and You - Armory Addendum
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.boots.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.boots_core.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots Core
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.chest_core.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestplate Core
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.chestplate.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.frosty_soles.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Frosty Soles
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.gauntlet_mat.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauntlet (Base)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.gauntlet_mat_attack.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauntlet of Power
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.gauntlet_mat_reach.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauntlet of Far Reach
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.gauntlet_mat_speed.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauntlet of Dexterity
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.helmet.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.helmet_core.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Helmet Core
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.invisible_ink.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Invisible Ink
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.leggings.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.leggings_core.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Leggings Core
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.polishing_kit.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Polishing Kit
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.resist_mat.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Resistance
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.resist_mat_blast.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blast Resistance
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.resist_mat_fire.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Resistance
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.resist_mat_proj.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Projectile Resistance
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_belt.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Belt (Storage)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_belt_base.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Belt (Base)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_cloak.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Cloak (Base)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_goggles.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles (Zoom)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_goggles_base.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles (Base)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_night.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles (Night Vision)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_potion.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Belt (Alchemy)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_sack.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Knapsack
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_slowfall.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Cloak (Slow Fall)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_sneak.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Cloak (Invisibility)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_soul.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles (Soul Sight)
fe.protection.inventory.cookingforblockheads.heating_unit.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Heating Unit
fe.protection.inventory.cookingforblockheads.ice_unit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Unit
fe.protection.inventory.cookingforblockheads.preservation_chamber.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Preservation Chamber
fe.protection.inventory.cookingforblockheads.recipe_book.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooking for Blockheads
fe.protection.inventory.culinaryconstruct.sandwich.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.doge.doge_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY many chop
fe.protection.inventory.doge.doge_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY wow shoes
fe.protection.inventory.doge.doge_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY much chest armor
fe.protection.inventory.doge.doge_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY many protect face
fe.protection.inventory.doge.doge_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY very farm
fe.protection.inventory.doge.doge_launcher.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Doge Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.doge.doge_leggings.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY very leg defend
fe.protection.inventory.doge.doge_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY such mine
fe.protection.inventory.doge.doge_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY much dig
fe.protection.inventory.doge.doge_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY wow attack
fe.protection.inventory.doge.dogecoin.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dogecoin
fe.protection.inventory.doge.gpu.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY GPU
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.block_dark_steel_door.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_door.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Painted Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.block_painted_iron_door.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Painted Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.block_painted_wooden_door.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Painted Wooden Door
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_advanced_item_filter.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_alloy_ball.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel Grinding Ball
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_ball.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crude Steel Grinding Ball
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_ingot.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crude Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_nugget.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crude Steel Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_alloy_ingot.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_alloy_nugget.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_basic_capacitor.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_basic_item_filter.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_big_advanced_item_filter.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Big Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_big_item_filter.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_broken_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Spawner
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_cold_fire_igniter.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cold Fire Igniter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_conduit_facade.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Conduit Facade
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_conduit_probe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Conduit Probe
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_coord_selector.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_axe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Axe
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_boots.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Boots
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_bow.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Bow
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_chestplate.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Plate
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_crook.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Crook
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_hand.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Backhoe
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Helm
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_leggings.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Pick
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_shears.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Shears
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_shield.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Shield
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_sword.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY The Ender
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_treetap.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_dark_steel_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Dark Steel Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_data_conduit.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Data Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_enchantment_filter_big.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Enchantment Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_enchantment_filter_normal.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchantment Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_end_steel_axe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Axe
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_end_steel_boots.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Boots
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_end_steel_bow.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Bow
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_end_steel_chestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Plate
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_end_steel_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Helm
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_end_steel_leggings.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_end_steel_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_end_steel_shield.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Shield
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_end_steel_sword.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY The Ender Mk2
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_ender_food.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY "Enderios"
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_enderface.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderface
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_existing_item_filter.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_extract_speed_downgrade.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Extract Speed Downgrade
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_extract_speed_upgrade.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Extract Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_fluid_filter.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Fluid Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_gas_conduit.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_inventory_charger.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Charger
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_inventory_charger_basic.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Inventory Charger
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_inventory_charger_simple.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Simple Inventory Charger
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_inventory_charger_vibrant.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vibrant Inventory Charger
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_inventory_remote.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Panel Remote
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_item_conduit.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_limited_item_filter.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Limited Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_liquid_conduit.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_location_printout.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Location Printout
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_magnet.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Electromagnet
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_material.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Simple Machine Chassis
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_me_conduit.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_mod_item_filter.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_opencomputers_conduit.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY OC Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_owl_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Owl Egg
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_power_conduit.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_power_item_filter.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_and_filter.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone AND Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_conduit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_counting_filter.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Counting Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_nand_filter.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone NAND Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_nor_filter.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone NOR Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_not_filter.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone NOT Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_or_filter.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone OR Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_sensor_filter.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Sensor Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_timer_filter.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Timer Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_toggle_filter.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Toggle Latch Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_xnor_filter.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone XNOR Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_redstone_xor_filter.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone XOR Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_rod_of_return.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rod of Return
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_soul_filter_big.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Soul Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_soul_filter_normal.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_soul_vial.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Vial
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_species_item_filter.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Species Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_staff_of_levity.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Staff of Levity
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_travel_staff.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_xp_transfer.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Experience Rod
fe.protection.inventory.enderio.item_yeta_wrench.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.enderstorage.ender_pouch.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.eplus.table_upgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Table Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.advanced_exchanger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.basic_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.conductive_iron_exchanger.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Conductive Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.creative_exchanger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.crude_steel_exchanger.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crude Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.crystalline_exchanger.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystalline Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.dark_steel_exchanger.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.diamond_exchanger.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier1.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier2.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier3.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier1.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier2.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier3.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.electrical_steel_exchanger.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.elite_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Elite Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.emerald_exchanger.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.end_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY End Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.end_steel_exchanger.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY End Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.energetic_exchanger.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Energetic Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.energetic_silver_exchanger.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Energetic Silver Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier1.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier2.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier3.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.golden_exchanger.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.hardened_exchanger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.hv_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY HV Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier1.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier2.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier3.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.iron_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.leadstone_exchanger.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Leadstone Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.lv_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY LV Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier1.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier2.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier3.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.melodic_exchanger.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Melodic Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.mv_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY MV Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.obsidian_exchanger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.pulsating_iron_exchanger.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsating Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.reinforced_exchanger.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.resonant_exchanger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Resonant Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.signalum_exchanger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Signalum Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.stellar_exchanger.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stellar Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.stone_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier1.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier2.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier3.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.tuberous_exchanger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuberous Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.ultimate_exchanger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultimate Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.vibrant_exchanger.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vibrant Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.vivid_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Vivid Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.exchangers.wooden_exchanger.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.dictionary.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist Database
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.hive_frame.cage.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Restraint Frame
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.hive_frame.clay.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Healing Frame
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.hive_frame.cocoa.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Frame
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.hive_frame.debug.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Nova Frame
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.hive_frame.soul.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Frame
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.honey_comb.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Barren Comb
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.honey_crystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Depleted Honey Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.honey_drop.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Drop
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.misc.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Scented Gear
fe.protection.inventory.extrabees.propolis.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Watery Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.fluid.item.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY null
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.gas.item.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY null
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.part.base.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Fluid Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.casing.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.component.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 1k Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.gas.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 1k Gas Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.storage.physical.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY ME 256k Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Universal Terminal - Item
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.advanced_battery.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Battery
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.anti_radiation.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Anti-Rad
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.blue_diamond_axe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.blue_diamond_boots.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.blue_diamond_chest.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.blue_diamond_helmet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.blue_diamond_hoe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.blue_diamond_legings.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.blue_diamond_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.blue_diamond_shovel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.blue_diamond_sword.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.canned_food.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Can of Food
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.caramel_bar.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel Bar
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.chocolate_bar.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.cloth.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wool Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.compressed_mercury.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Mercury
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.electric_parts.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Battery
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.enviro_emergency_kit.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Environment Emergency Kit
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.geiger_counter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Geiger Counter
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.gravity_controller.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gravity Controller
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.green_diamond_axe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.green_diamond_boots.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.green_diamond_chest.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.green_diamond_helmet.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.green_diamond_hoe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.green_diamond_legings.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.green_diamond_pickaxe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.green_diamond_shovel.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.green_diamond_sword.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.ingot_lead.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Galena Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.ingot_mercury.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.ingot_uranium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.iodide_salt.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodized Salt
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.item_tier10_electric_rocket.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 10 Electric Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.item_tier10_rocket.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 10 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.item_tier4_rocket.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.item_tier5_rocket.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 5 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.item_tier6_rocket.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 6 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.item_tier7_rocket.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 7 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.item_tier8_rocket.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 8 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.item_tier9_rocket.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 9 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.mars_rover.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mars Rover
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.massive_battery.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Massive Battery
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.mercury_battery.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Battery
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.module_items.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY No Fall Damage Module
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.nickel_battery.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Battery
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier10.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 10 Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier4.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier5.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 5 Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier6.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 6 Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier7.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 7 Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier8.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 8 Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier9.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 9 Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_extremely_heavy_full.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Extremely Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_black.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_blue.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_brown.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_cyan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_gray.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_green.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_light_blue.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_light_gray.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_lime.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_magenta.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_orange.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_pink.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_purple.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_white.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_yellow.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_black.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_blue.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_brown.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_cyan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_gray.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_green.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_light_blue.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_light_gray.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_magenta.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_orange.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_pink.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_purple.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_red.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_white.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_yellow.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_black.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_blue.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_brown.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_cyan.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_gray.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_green.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_light_blue.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_light_gray.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_lime.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_magenta.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_pink.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_purple.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_red.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_white.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_yellow.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_very_heavy_full.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Very Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.potash_shards.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Potash Shard
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.potassium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Potassium
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.potassium_iodide.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Potassium Iodide
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.purple_diamond_axe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.purple_diamond_boots.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.purple_diamond_chest.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.purple_diamond_helmet.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.purple_diamond_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.purple_diamond_legings.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.purple_diamond_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.purple_diamond_shovel.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.purple_diamond_sword.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.red_diamond_axe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.red_diamond_boots.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.red_diamond_chest.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.red_diamond_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.red_diamond_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.red_diamond_legings.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.red_diamond_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.red_diamond_shovel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.red_diamond_sword.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.schematic_mars_rover.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.schematic_tier10.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.schematic_tier10_electric_rocket.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.schematic_tier4.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.schematic_tier5.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.schematic_tier6.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.schematic_tier7.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.schematic_tier8.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.schematic_tier9.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.schematic_venus_rover.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.t10key.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 10 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.t4key.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.t5key.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 5 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.t6key.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 6 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.t7key.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 7 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.t8key.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 8 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.t9key.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 9 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.thermal_cloth.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Thermal Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_boots.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Temporary Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_chest.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Temporary Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_helmet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Temporary Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_legings.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Temporary Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier10_items.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 10 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier11_items.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_armor_layer.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Armour Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_kit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Full Kit
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_pressure_layer.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_radiation_layer.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_boots.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_chest.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_helmet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_legings.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_armor_layer.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Armour Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_kit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Full Kit
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_pressure_layer.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_radiation_layer.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_boots.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_chest.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_helmet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Space SuitJetpack  Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_legings.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_armor_layer.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Armour Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_kit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Full Kit
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_pressure_layer.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_radiation_layer.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_boots.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_chest.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_helmet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_legings.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_thermal_padding.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_armor_layer.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Armour Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_items.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_kit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Full Kit
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_pressure_layer.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_radiation_layer.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_boots.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_chest.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_helmet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_legings.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_thermal_padding.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier5_items.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 5 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier5_kit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 5 Full Kit
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier5_thermal_padding.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 5 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier6_items.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 6 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier7_items.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 7 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier8_items.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 8 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tier9_items.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 9 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.tools.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sledge Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.ultimate_battery.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultimate Battery
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.venus_rover.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Venus Rover
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.wafer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.white_sugar_cane_item.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY White Sugar Cane
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_axe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_boots.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_chest.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_helmet.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_legings.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_shovel.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_sword.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.extraplanets.zinc_battery.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Battery
fe.protection.inventory.extratrees.databaselepi.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lepidopterist Database
fe.protection.inventory.extratrees.databasetree.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Arborist Database
fe.protection.inventory.extratrees.drink.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Beer Mug
fe.protection.inventory.extratrees.durable_hammer.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.extratrees.food.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crabapple
fe.protection.inventory.extratrees.hammer.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.extratrees.hops.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hops
fe.protection.inventory.extratrees.misc.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sawdust
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.angelring.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Angel Ring
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.biomemarker.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Marker
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.book.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Extra Utilities 2 Manual
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.boomerang.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Boomerang
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.chickenring.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Wing Ring
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.compoundbow.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Compound Bow
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.contract.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Contract
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.endershard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Shard
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.fakecopy.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.extrautils2:fakecopy.name
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.filter.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.filterfluids.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter Fluids
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.fireaxe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Axe
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.flattransfernode.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flat Transfer Node (Items)
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.glasscutter.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Cutter
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.goldenlasso.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Lasso
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.grocket.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Transfer Node (Items)
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.indexerremote.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Indexer Remote
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.ingredients.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Resonating Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.itembuilderswand.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Builders Wand
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.itemcreativebuilderswand.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Builders Wand
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.itemcreativedestructionwand.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Destruction Wand
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.itemdestructionwand.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Destruction Wand
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.lawsword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Kikoku
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.luxsaber.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lux Saber
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.magicapple.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Apple
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.powermanager.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Manager
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.sickle_diamond.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.sickle_gold.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.sickle_iron.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.sickle_stone.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.sickle_wood.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.snowglobe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Snow Globe
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.suncrystal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sun Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.trowel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.unstableingots.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.wateringcan.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Watering Can
fe.protection.inventory.extrautils2.wrench.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.garland.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Vine Garland
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.hanging_lights.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hanging Lights
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.ladder.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stepladder
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.letter_bunting.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Letter Bunting
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.light.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Fairy Light
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.pennant.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Pennant
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.pennant_bunting.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pennant Bunting
fe.protection.inventory.fairylights.tinsel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tinsel Garland
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.blood_rapier.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.diabolist_fork.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.distortion_pick.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.eldritch_orb.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.gluttony_shard.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.mob_crystal.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Imprinting Crystals
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.morph_axe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.morph_pick.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.morph_shovel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.morph_sword.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.resourcefm.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.resourcenethershard.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrath Shard
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.riding_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Riding Crop
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.skull_axe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.taint_charcoal.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hexcoal
fe.protection.inventory.forbiddenmagicre.taint_fruit.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vintenfruit
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.adventurer_bag.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Adventuring Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.adventurer_bag_t2.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Adventuring Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.ambrosia.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ambrosia
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.apatite.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apatite
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.apiarist_bag.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.apiarist_boots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.apiarist_chest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.apiarist_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.apiarist_legs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.ash.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ash
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.bee_combs.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.bee_drone_ge.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Drone
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.bee_larvae_ge.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.for.bee_larvae_ge.name
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.bee_princess_ge.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Princess
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.bee_queen_ge.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Queen
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.beeswax.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Beeswax
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.bituminous_peat.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.book_forester.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Forester's Manual
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.broken_bronze_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.broken_bronze_shovel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.bronze_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.bronze_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.builder_bag.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Building Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.builder_bag_t2.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Building Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.butterfly_ge.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.for.butterfly_ge.name
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.can.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Can
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.capsule.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.carton.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Carton
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.catalogue.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Catalogue
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.caterpillar_ge.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.for.caterpillar_ge.name
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.chipsets.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.cocoon_ge.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.for.cocoon_ge.name
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crafting_material.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crate.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crate
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.blockcactus.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Cactus
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.blockprismarine.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Prismarine
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.blockprismarinebrick.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Prismarine Bricks
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.blockprismarinedark.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Dark Prismarine
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.cobblestone.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Cobblestone
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.cropcarrot.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.croppotato.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Potato
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.cropwheat.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.dirt.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Dirt
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.dustglowstone.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.dustredstone.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.apatite.0.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Apatite
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.ash.0.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Ash
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.0.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Honey Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.1.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Cocoa Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.10.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Powdery Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.14.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Wheaten Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.15.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Mossy Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.16.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Mellow Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.2.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Simmering Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.3.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Stringy Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.4.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Frozen Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.5.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Dripping Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.6.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Silky Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.7.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Parched Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.8.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Mysterious Comb
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.beeswax.0.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Beeswax
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.bog_earth.0.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Bog Earth
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.fertilizer_compound.0.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.0.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.1.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Walnut
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.2.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.3.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Lemon
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.4.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Plum
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.5.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Date
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.6.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Papaya
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.honeydew.0.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Honeydew
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.humus.0.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Humus
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.mulch.0.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Mulch
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.peat.0.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Peat
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.phosphor.0.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Phosphor
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.pollen.0.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.pollen.1.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Crystalline Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.propolis.0.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.refractory_wax.0.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Refractory Wax
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.forestry.royal_jelly.0.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Royal Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.gravel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Gravel
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.ic2.crafting.23.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Scrap
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.ic2.misc_resource.3.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated UU-Matter
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.ic2.misc_resource.4.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Sticky Resin
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.ingotbronze.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.ingotcopper.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.ingotsilver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Silver Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.ingottin.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Tin Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.itemrubber.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.apple.0.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Apple
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.brick_block.0.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Bricks
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.clay_ball.0.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Clay
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.coal.0.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Coal
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.coal.1.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Charcoal
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.cookie.0.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.dirt.2.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Podzol
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.dye.4.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Lapis Lazuli
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.0.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Oak Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.1.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Spruce Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.2.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Birch Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.3.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Jungle Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.log2.0.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Acacia Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.log2.1.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Dark Oak Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.mycelium.0.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Mycelium
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.nether_brick.0.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.nether_wart.0.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.sand.0.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Sand
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.sand.1.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Red Sand
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.sandstone.0.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Sandstone
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.0.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Oak Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.1.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Spruce Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.2.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Birch Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.3.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Jungle Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.4.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Acacia Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.5.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Dark Oak Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.soul_sand.0.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Soul Sand
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.minecraft.wheat_seeds.0.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.0.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Raw Imphide
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.1.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Cooked Imphide
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.10.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Potash Apple
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.11.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Cactus Juice
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.2.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Raspberry
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.3.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Blueberry
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.4.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Blackberry
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.5.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Maloberry
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.6.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Blightberry
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.7.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Duskberry
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.8.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Skyberry
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.9.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Stingberry
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.materials.0.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Barley
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.materials.1.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Barley Flour
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.materials.2.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Wheat Flour
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.materials.3.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Cotton
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.materials.4.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Sulfur
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.materials.5.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Ghostwood Fletching
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.materials.6.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Imp Leather
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.materials.7.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Flamestring
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.materials.8.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Blue Dye
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.0.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.1.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.2.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.0.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Ghostwood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.1.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Darkwood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.2.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Fusewood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs2.0.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Bloodwood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs2.15.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Bloodwood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.0.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Ghostwood Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.1.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Fusewood Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.2.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Darkwood Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling2.0.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Bloodwood Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.0.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Maple Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.1.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Silverbell Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.2.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Amaranth Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.3.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Tiger Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.0.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Willow Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.1.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Eucalyptus Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.2.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Hopseed Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.3.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Sakura Wood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.0.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Maple Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.1.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Silverbell Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.2.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Amaranth Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.3.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Tigerwood Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.0.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Willow Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.1.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Eucalyptus Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.2.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Hopseed Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.3.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Sakura Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_seeds.0.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Barley Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_seeds.1.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Cotton Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.0.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Redwood Bark
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.1.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Redwood
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.2.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Redwood Root
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_sapling.0.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Redwood Sapling
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.saguaro_fruit_item.0.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.natura.soups.9.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Berry Medley
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.netherrack.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Netherrack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.obsidian.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Obsidian
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.stone.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Stone
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.stoneandesite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Andesite
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.stonediorite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Diorite
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.stonegranite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Granite
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.crated.sugarcane.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crated Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.decaying_wheat.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.digger_bag.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Digging Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.digger_bag_t2.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Digging Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.fertilizer_bio.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Compost
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.fertilizer_compound.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.flexible_casing.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flexible Casing
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.forester_bag.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Foresting Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.forester_bag_t2.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Foresting Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.frame_impregnated.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.frame_proven.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Proven Frame
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.frame_untreated.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Untreated Frame
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.fruits.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.gear_bronze.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Gear
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.gear_copper.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Gear
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.gear_tin.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Gear
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.grafter.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.grafter_proven.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Proven Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.habitat_locator.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Habitat Locator
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.habitat_screen.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Habitat Screen
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.hardened_machine.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Casing
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.honey_drop.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Drop
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.honey_pot.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Pot
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.honeydew.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeydew
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.honeyed_slice.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.hunter_bag.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hunting Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.hunter_bag_t2.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Hunting Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.impregnated_casing.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.imprinter.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Imprinter
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.ingot_bronze.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.ingot_copper.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.ingot_tin.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.iodine_capsule.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.kit_pickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.kit_shovel.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel Kit
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.lepidopterist_bag.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.letters.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Letter
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.miner_bag.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.miner_bag_t2.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Mining Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.mouldy_wheat.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.mulch.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mulch
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.naturalist_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectacles
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.oak_stick.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.peat.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peat
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.phosphor.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Phosphor
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.pipette.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipette
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.pollen.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.pollen_fertile.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.portable_alyzer.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Analyzer
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.propolis.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.refractory.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.refractory_wax.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Refractory Wax
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.research_note.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.royal_jelly.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Royal Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.sapling.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.scoop.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Scoop
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.serum_ge.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.for.serum_ge.name
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.smoker.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Smoker
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.soldering_iron.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Soldering Iron
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.stamps.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.sturdy_machine.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.thermionic_tubes.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.wax_cast.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wax Cast
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.wood_pulp.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Pulp
fe.protection.inventory.forestry.wrench.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.forge.bucketfilled.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.funkylocomotion.wrench.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.air_fan.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oxygen Fan
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.air_vent.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Oxygen Vent
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.basic_item.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Single Solar Module
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.battery.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.bucket_fuel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.buggy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Buggy
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.buggymat.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Buggy Wheel
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.canister.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Canister
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.canvas.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.cheese_curd.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese Curd
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.dungeonfinder.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dungeon Locator
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.emergency_kit.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Space Emergency Kit
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.engine.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.flag.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flag
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.food.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Can of Food
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.fuel_canister_partial.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Partially Filled Fuel Canister
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.heavy_plating.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.ic2compat.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.infinite_battery.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinite Battery
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.infinite_oxygen.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinite Oxygen Supply
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.item_basic_moon.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.key.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.meteor_chunk.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Meteor Chunk
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.meteoric_iron_raw.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meteoric Iron
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.nose_cone.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.oil_canister_partial.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Partially Filled Oil Canister
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.oxygen_concentrator.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Oxygen Concentrator
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.oxygen_gear.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Oxygen Gear
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.oxygen_mask.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Oxygen Mask
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_heavy_full.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_light_full.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_med_full.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.parachute.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Parachute
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.prelaunch_checklist.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pre-Launch Checklist
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.rocket_fins.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rocket Fins
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.rocket_t1.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.schematic.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.sensor_glasses.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.sensor_lens.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor Lens
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.standard_wrench.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.steel_axe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Axe
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.steel_boots.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Boots
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.steel_chestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.steel_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.steel_hoe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.steel_leggings.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.steel_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.steel_pole.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pole
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.steel_shovel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftcore.steel_sword.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Duty Sword
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.astro_miner.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Astro Miner
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.atmospheric_valve.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Atmospheric Valve
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.atomic_battery.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Battery
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.basic_item_venus.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield Controller
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.bucket_sludge.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacterial Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.bucket_sulphuric_acid.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sulfuric Acid Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.canister_partial_ln2.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Canister of Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.canister_partial_lox.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Canister of Liquid Oxygen
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.carbon_fragments.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fragmented Carbon
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.desh_axe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Axe
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.desh_boots.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Boots
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.desh_chestplate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.desh_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.desh_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.desh_leggings.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.desh_pick.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.desh_pick_slime.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.desh_spade.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.desh_sword.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Sword
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.grapple.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapple
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.heavy_nose_cone.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Nose Cone
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.item_basic_asteroids.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.item_basic_mars.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unrefined Desh
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.key.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.key_t3.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.methane_canister_partial.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Methane Gas Canister
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.orion_drive.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Orion Drive
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.rocket_t2.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 2 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.rocket_t3.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 3 Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.schematic.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.strange_seed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Strange Seed
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.thermal_padding.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.thermal_padding_t2.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Isothermal Helm
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.titanium_axe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.titanium_boots.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.titanium_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.titanium_helmet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.titanium_hoe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.titanium_leggings.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.titanium_pickaxe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.titanium_shovel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.titanium_sword.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.galacticraftplanets.volcanic_pickaxe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Volcanic Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.gasconduits.item_gas_filter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Filter
fe.protection.inventory.gbook.guidebook.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Guidebook
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.apiary.upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Production Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.bee_receptacle.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.climate_module.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Climate Control Module
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.eject_cover.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.env_processor.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Environmental Processor
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.error_sensor_cover.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.gene_sample.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY INVALID Sample - ERROR
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.gene_sample_blank.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.gene_template.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetic Template
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.genetics_processor.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetics Processor
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.hive_spawn_debugger.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.honey_comb.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY invalid.name
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.honey_drop.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY invalid.name
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.import_cover.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Import Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.industrial_grafter.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.industrial_scoop.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.labware.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetics Labware
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.mutagen_tank.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.pollen_kit.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.power_module.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Module
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.upgrade_frame.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.inventory.gendustry.waste.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Genetic Waste
fe.protection.inventory.genetics.analyst.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Analyst
fe.protection.inventory.genetics.geneticdatabase.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gene Database
fe.protection.inventory.genetics.master_registry.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Master Registry
fe.protection.inventory.genetics.misc.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Casing
fe.protection.inventory.genetics.punnett_square.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Punnett Square
fe.protection.inventory.genetics.registry.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Registry
fe.protection.inventory.genetics.sequence.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Corrupted Sequence
fe.protection.inventory.genetics.serum.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Corrupted Serum
fe.protection.inventory.genetics.serum_array.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Corrupted Serum Array
fe.protection.inventory.gravisuite.advancedchainsaw.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.gravisuite.advanceddrill.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Diamond Drill
fe.protection.inventory.gravisuite.advancedjetpack.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.gravisuite.advancedlappack.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.inventory.gravisuite.advancednanochestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced NanoChestplate
fe.protection.inventory.gravisuite.crafting.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Superconductor Cover
fe.protection.inventory.gravisuite.gravichestplate.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.gravisuite.gravitool.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY GraviTool
fe.protection.inventory.gravisuite.ultimatelappack.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.inventory.gravisuite.vajra.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vajra
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft.crowbar.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY White Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft.rope.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rope
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft.salt.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rock Salt
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_apples.apple_door_item.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Door
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_apples.applecider.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Juice
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_coal.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Charcoal
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_door_item.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Door
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stick.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Stick
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_bees.bee.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_bees.bees_wax.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY White Beeswax
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_bees.bottlefluid_honey.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_bees.honey_comb_empty.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Honey Comb
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_bees.honey_comb_filled.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Honey Comb
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_bees.honey_jar.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Jar
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_bees.mead.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mead Must
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_cellar.achievement_dummy.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Is Trouble Brewing?
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_cellar.barrel_tap.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Barrel Tap
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_cellar.brew_kettle_lid.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Kettle Lid
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_cellar.cork_bark.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cork Bark
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_cellar.yeast.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewer's Yeast
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_grapes.grape.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Grapes
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_grapes.grape_seed.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Grape Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_grapes.grapewine.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Grape Juice
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_hops.hop_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hop Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_hops.hopale.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ale Wort
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_hops.hops.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hops
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_hops.lager.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lager Wort
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_butter_milk.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Butter Milk Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_condensed_milk.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Condensed Milk Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_cream.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cream Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_milk.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_milk_curds.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk Curds Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_rennet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Rennet Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_skim_milk.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Skim Milk Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_whey.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Whey Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.butter.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Butter
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.cheese_aged_slice.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gorgonzola Cheese Slice
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.cheese_cloth.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.cheese_simple_slice.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ricotta Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.cheese_waxed_slice.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheddar Cheese Slice
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.ice_cream.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.knife.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese Knife
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.kumisbottle.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Kumis Fermented
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.starter_culture.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Starter Culture
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.stomach.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stomach
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.thistle.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thistle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.thistle_seed.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thistle
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_milk.yogurt.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_rice.cultivator.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cultivator
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_rice.rice.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_rice.rice_ball.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Onigiri
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_rice.rice_cooked.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Rice
fe.protection.inventory.growthcraft_rice.sakebottle.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Water
fe.protection.inventory.guideapi.bloodmagic-guide.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY guide.bloodmagic.display
fe.protection.inventory.guideapi.modularrouters-guidebook.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Routers Guide
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.agaveitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Agave
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.agaveseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Agave Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.akutuqitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Akutuq
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.almondbutteritem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Almond Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.almonditem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Almond
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.amaranthitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Amaranth
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.amaranthseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Amaranth Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.anchovypepperonipizzaitem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Anchovy Pepperoni Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.anchovyrawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applecideritem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applefritteritem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Fritter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applepieitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applesauceitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applesmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applesnowitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Snow
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.appleyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjellyitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.arrowrootitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrowroot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.arrowrootseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrowroot Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.artichokeitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Artichoke
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.artichokeseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagussoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.avocadoitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Avocado
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.babaganoushitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Baba Ganoush
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconandeggsitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon and Eggs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgeritem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgeritem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconpancakesitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconwrappedchiliitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Wrapped Chili
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedalaskaitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Alaska
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedbeansitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Beets
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedcactusitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Cactus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedhamitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Turnips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakewareitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bakeware
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baklavaitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Baklava
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bambooshootitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bambooshootseeditem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananaitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.banananutbreaditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananasplititem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Split
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananayogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bangersandmashitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.barleyitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.barleyseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bassrawitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Bass
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.battenbergitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Battenberg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.batteredsausageitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Battered Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.batteritem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Batter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bbqchickenbiscuititem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY BBQ Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bbqchickenpizzaitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY BBQ Chicken Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bbqjackfruititem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY BBQ Jackfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bbqplatteritem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY BBQ Platter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bbqpotatochipsitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY BBQ Potato Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bbqsauceitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY BBQ Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanburritoitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bean Burrito
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beansandriceitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans and Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bean Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beansontoastitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beefjerkyitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Wellington
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beeswaxitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pressed Wax
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetburgeritem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetsaladitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetsoupitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bellpepperitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bellpepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bellpepperseeditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bentoboxitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bento Box
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.berrymeringuenestitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Berry Meringue Nest
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.berryvinaigrettesaladitem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Berry Vinaigrette Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bibimbapitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bibimbap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.biscuititem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Biscuit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.biscuitsandgravyitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Biscuits and Gravy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberrycobbleritem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryseeditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackpaellaitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Paella
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackpepperitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blazingsoupitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blazing Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bltitem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY BLT
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrypieitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.boiledeggitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Boiled Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bolognaitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bologna
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bolognasandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bologna Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.braisedonionsitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Braised Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bratwurstitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bratwurst
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.breadfruititem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Breadfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.breakfastburritoitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Breakfast Burrito
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.briochebunitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brioche Bun
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccoliitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccolimacitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccolindipitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccoliseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brownieitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Brownie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brusselsproutitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseeditem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bubbleteaitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bubble Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bubblywateritem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bubbly Water
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bulgogiitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bulgogi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.buttercookieitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Butter Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Buttered Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.butteritem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.buttertartitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Butter Tart
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cabbageitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabbage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cabbageseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruititem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseeditem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactussoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.calamaricookeditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.calamarirawitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Calamari
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.californiarollitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY California Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedgingeritem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Ginger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedlemonitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Lemon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedpecansitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Pecans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candleberryitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Candleberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candleberryseeditem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cantaloupeitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cantaloupe
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseeditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cantonesegreensitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cantonese Greens
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cantonesenoodlesitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cantonese Noodles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelappleitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel Apple
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelcupcakeitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carprawitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotcupcakeitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotsoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewbutteritem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewchickenitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cassavaitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cassava
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cassavaseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cassava Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cassouletitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cassoulet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.catfishrawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Catfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caulifloweritem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauliflower
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseeditem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Caesar Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutteritem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celerysoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cevicheitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceviche
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chaiteaitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chai Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chaoscookieitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.charrrawitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Charr
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.charsiuitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Char Siu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheddarandsourcreampotatochipsitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheddar and Sour Cream Potato Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseburgeritem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheesedanishitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese Danish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheesesteakitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheesesteak
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheesyshrimpquinoaitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheesy Shrimp Quinoa
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheezepuffsitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheeze Puffs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrypieitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryslushieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Slushie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrysodaitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chestnutbutteritem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chestnutitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenandwafflesitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken and Waffles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenbiscuititem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenchowmeinitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Chow Mein
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickencordonbleuitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Cordon Bleu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickencurryitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickendinneritem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Dinner
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickengumboitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenkatsuitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Katsu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenpaellaitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Paella
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Parmesan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickensandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickpeaitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chickpeas
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickpeaseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chickpea Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chikorollitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chiko Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilichocolateitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilicupcakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilidogitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Dog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilidonutitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chiliitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipepperitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipepperseeditem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipoppersitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Poppers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chimichangaitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chimichanga
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chipsanddipitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chips and Dip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chipsandsalsaitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chips and Salsa
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatebaritem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeitem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatecoconutbaritem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Coconut Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatecupcakeitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolateorangeitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Orange
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatepuddingitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Pudding
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolaterollitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocovoxelsitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Choco Voxels Cereal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chorizoitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chorizo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chorusfruitsoupitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chorus Fruit Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonbreaditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamontoastitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.citrussaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Citrus Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.clamchowderitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Clam Chowder
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.clamcookeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Clam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.clamrawitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Clam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cobblestonecobbleritem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobblestone Cobbler
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cocoapowderitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutcreamitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutmilkitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeebeanitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeecupcakeitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.colasodaitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cola Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coleslawburgeritem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coleslawitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Coleslaw
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedgrubitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Grub
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofabbititem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofabbit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofaconitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofeakitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofeak
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofeegitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofeeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofenisonitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofenison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofickenitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Toficken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofishitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofuduckitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofuduck
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofurkeyitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofurkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofuttonitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofutton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookiesandmilkitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookies and Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornbreaditem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornbread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornchipsitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.corndogitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Dog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornedbeefbreakfastitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Corned Beef Breakfast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornedbeefhashitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Corned Beef Hash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornedbeefitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Corned Beef
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornflakesitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornflakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornishpastyitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornmealitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornonthecobitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottagepieitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cottage Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottoncandyitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton Candy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottonitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottonseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crabcookeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Crab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crabkimbapitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crab Kimbap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crabrawitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Crab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crackeritem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracker
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crackersandcheeseitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crackers and Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crackersitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crackers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cracklinsitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracklins
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrybaritem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crawfishetoufeeitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crawfish Etoufee
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crayfishcookeditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crayfishrawitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crayfishsaladitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crayfish Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamcookieitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cream Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamedcornitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Creamed Corn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creepercookieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creeperwingsitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Wings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crispyricepuffbarsitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crispy Rice Puff Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crispyricepuffcerealitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Crispy Rice Puff Cereal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.croissantitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Croissant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumberitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumbersandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumberseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryleafitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryleafseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.currypowderitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Powder
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.custarditem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Custard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cuttingboarditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutting Board
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.damperitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Damper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dandelionsaladitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dandelion Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dandelionteaitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dandelion Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dangoitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dango
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dateitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Date
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.datenutbreaditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.delightedmealitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Delighted Meal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgeritem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.deluxenachoesitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Deluxe Nachos
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.deviledeggitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Deviled Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dhalitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dhal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dimsumitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dim Sum
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.donutitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.doughitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dough
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dragonfruititem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragonfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.driedsoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dried Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.duckcookeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Duck
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.duckrawitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Duck
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.durianitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Durian
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.durianmilkshakeitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Durian Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.durianmuffinitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Durian Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.earlgreyteaitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea, Earl Grey, Hot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ediblerootitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Edible Root
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eelrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Eel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggnogitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg Nog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantparmitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggrollitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggsaladitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggsbenedictitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggs Benedict
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggtartitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg Tart
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.elderberryitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Elderberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.elderberryseeditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Elderberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.enchiladaitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchilada
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.energydrinkitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Drink
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.epicbaconitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.epicbltitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic BLT
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.escargotitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Escargot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.espressoitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Espresso
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.etonmessitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Eton Mess
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.extremechiliitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Extreme Chili
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fairybreaditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fairy Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.festivalbreaditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Festival Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fiestacornsaladitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiesta Corn Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figbaritem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figitem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjellyitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjuiceitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figsmoothieitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.firmtofuitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Firm Tofu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishandchipsitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish and Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishdinneritem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Dinner
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishsandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishsticksitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishtacoitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaititem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fivespiceitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Five Spice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.flaxitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flax
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.flaxseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flax Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.flouritem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Flour
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.footlongitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Footlong
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fortunecookieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fortune Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frenchtoastitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY French Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.freshmilkitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fresh Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.freshwateritem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fresh Water
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedbolognasandwichitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Bologna Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedchickenitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedeggitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedfeastitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Feast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedgreentomatoesitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Green Tomatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedonionsitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedriceitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friesitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fries
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frogcookeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.froglegstirfryitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Frog Leg Stirfry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frograwitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Frog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frosteddonutitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Frosted Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitbaititem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitcakeitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitcreamfestivalbreaditem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Cream Festival Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitpunchitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Punch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitsaladitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.futomakiitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Futo Maki
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garammasalaitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Garam Masala
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gardensoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Garden Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicbreaditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicchickenitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garliccoinitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Coin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicsteakitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Steak
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gherkinitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gherkin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gigapickleitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Giga Pickle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gigapickleseeditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Giga Pickle Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerbreaditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerchickenitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingeritem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingersnapsitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingersodaitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Ale
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.glisteningsaladitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistening Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gourmetbeefburgeritem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gourmet Beef Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gourmetbeefpattyitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Gourmet Beef Patty
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gourmetmuttonburgeritem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gourmet Mutton Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gourmetmuttonpattyitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gourmet Mutton Patty
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gourmetporkburgeritem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gourmet Pork Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gourmetporkpattyitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Gourmet Pork Patty
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gourmetvenisonburgeritem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gourmet Venison Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gourmetvenisonpattyitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gourmet Venison Patty
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grainbaititem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Grain Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruititem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapejellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapejuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesaladitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesodaitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gravlaxitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gravlax
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gravyitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gravy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.greenbeancasseroleitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Bean Casserole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.greeneggsandhamitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Eggs and Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.greengrapeitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Grape
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.greengrapeseeditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Grape Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.greenheartfishitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.greenteaitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledcheesevegemitetoastitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Cheese Vegemite Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledskewersitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gritsitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Grits
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groiledcheesesandwichitem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Groiled Cheese Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundbeefitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Beef
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundchickenitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundduckitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Duck
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundfishitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Fish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundmuttonitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundnutmegitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundporkitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundrabbititem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundturkeyitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Turkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundvenisonitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Venison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grouperrawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Grouper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grubitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Grub
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.guacamoleitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Guacamole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.guavaitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Guava
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.guisoitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Guiso
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gumboitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gumbo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gummybearsitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gummy Bears
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gyudonitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gyudon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.haggisitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Haggis
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hamandcheesesandwichitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ham and Cheese Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hamandpineapplepizzaitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ham and Pineapple Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hamburgeritem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hamburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatheritem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hashitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hazelnutitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazelnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.heavycreamitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.herringrawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Herring
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hoisinsauceitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hoisin Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.homestylelunchitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Homestyle Lunch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeybreaditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeybunitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeybun
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebaritem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeycombitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeyglazedcarrotsitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeyglazedhamitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Glazed Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeyitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeysoyribsitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Soy Ribs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotandsoursoupitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot and Sour Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotchocolateitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotcocoaitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Cocoa
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotdishcasseroleitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Dish Casserole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotdogitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hotdog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotsauceitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotwingsitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Wings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.huckleberryitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Huckleberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.huckleberryseeditem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Huckleberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hummusitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hummus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hushpuppies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.icecreamitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.imagawayakiitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Imagawayaki
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.imitationcrabsticksitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Imitation Crab Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ironbrewitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Brew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jackfruititem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Jackfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jaffaitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Jaffa
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jambalayaitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Jambalaya
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jamrollitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Jam Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jelliedeelitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Jellied Eel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellybeansitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Jellybeans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellydonutitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Jelly Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jicamaitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Jicama
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jicamaseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Jicama Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.juiceritem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Juicer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.juniperberryitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Juniperberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.juniperberryseeditem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Juniperberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.juteitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jute
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.juteseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Jute Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kalechipsitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kale Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kaleitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Kale
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kaleseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Kale Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kenafitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Kenaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kenafseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kenaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ketchupitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ketchup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.keylimepieitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Keylime Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kimchiitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Kimchi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijellyitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kohlrabiitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Kohlrabi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kohlrabiseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Kohlrabi Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kohlundpinkelitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Kohl und Pinkel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.koreandinneritem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Korean Dinner
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kungpaochickenitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kung Pao Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambkebabitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lasagnaitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lasagna
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreaditem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonaideitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemonade
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonbaritem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonchickenitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemoncupcakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemondrizzlecakeitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Drizzle Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lentilitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lentils
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lentilseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lentil Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lettuceitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lettuce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lettuceseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limeitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejellyitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejuiceitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limesmoothieitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limeyogurtitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.liverandonionsitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Liver and Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lycheeitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lychee
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lycheeteaitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lychee Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangochutneyitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Chutney
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangoitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.manjuuitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Manj?
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesausageitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyrupitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marshmellowchicksitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Marshmellow Chicks
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marshmellowsitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Marshmallows
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marzipanitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Marzipan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoeschickenbiscuititem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mashed Potatoes and Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mayoitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mayo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mcpamitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY McPam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatloafitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Meatloaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatloafsandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Meatloaf Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatpieitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatystewitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Meaty Stew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatystirfryitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Meaty Stirfry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meesuaitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mee Sua
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meringuebombeitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Meringue Bombe
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meringuebrownieitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Meringue Brownie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meringuecookieitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Meringue Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meringueitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Meringue
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meringuerouladeitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Meringue Roulade
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.merveilleuxitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Merveilleux
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mettbrotchenitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mettbrötchen
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.milletitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Millet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.milletseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Millet Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mincepieitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mince Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.minerstewitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Stew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicecreamitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mintcupcakeitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mint Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.misopasteitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Miso Paste
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.misosoupitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Miso Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mixedsaladitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mixed Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mixingbowlitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mobsoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mob Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mochicakeitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mochi Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mochidessertitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mochi Dessert
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mochiitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mochi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.monsterfrieddumplingsitem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Monster Fried Dumplings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.montecristosandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Monte Cristo Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mozzerellasticksitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mozzerella Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mudfishrawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mulberryitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mulberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mulberryseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mulberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.museliitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Muesli
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mushroomketchupitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Ketchup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mushroomketchupomeletitem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Ketchup Omelet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mushroomlasagnaitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Lasagna
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mushroomsteakitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Steak
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.musselcookeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Mussel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.musselrawitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mussel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustarditem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustardseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustardseedsitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.musubiitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Musubi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.naanitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Naan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nachoesitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nachos
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.netherstartoastitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.netherwingsitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.noodlesitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Noodles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nopalessaladitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nopales Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nutellaitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutella
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nutmegitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutmeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oatsitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Oats
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oatsseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Oats Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.octopuscookeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.octopusrawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Octopus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okrachipsitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okracreoleitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Creole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okraitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okraseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oliveitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Olive
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oliveoilitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooking Oil
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.omeletitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Omelet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.omuriceitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Omurice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onigiriitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Onigiri
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionhamburgeritem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionsoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangechickenitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangeduckitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Duck
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangeitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejuiceitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangesodaitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcaulifloweritem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oystercookeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Oyster
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oysterrawitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Oyster
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oystersauceitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Oyster Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.padthaiitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pad Thai
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pambitsboxitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pam Bits Box
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pancakesitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.paneeritem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Paneer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayaitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajuiceitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayayogurtitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.paradiseburgeritem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Paradise Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.parsnipitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Parsnip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.parsnipseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.passionfruititem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Passion Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pastagardeniaitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pasta Gardenia
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pastaitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pasta
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.patreonpieitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Patreon Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pawpawitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pawpaw
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pbandjitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY PB&J
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachcobbleritem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbutterbananasandwichitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercupcakeitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercupitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter Cup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbutteritem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutsoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjellyitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjuiceitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearyogurtitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasandceleryitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas and Celery
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pecanitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pecan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pecanpieitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pecan Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pekingduckitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peking Duck
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pemmicanitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pemmican
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peppercornitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peppercorn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pepperjellyandcrackersitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pepper Jelly and Crackers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pepperjellyitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pepper Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peppermintitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Peppermint
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pepperoniitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pepperoni
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.perchrawitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Perch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.phoitem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pho
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickled Beets
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pickledonionsitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickled Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.picklesitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pinacoladaitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pinacolada
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineapplehamitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pinkelitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pinkel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachiobutteritem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachioitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pitepaltitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pitepalt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pizzaitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pizzasliceitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pizza Slice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pizzasoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pizza Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plainyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjellyitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjuiceitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumyogurtitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.poachedpearitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Poached Pear
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranateitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.popcornitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Popcorn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porklomeinitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porkrindsitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Rinds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porksausageitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiitem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato and Cheese Pierogi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatocakesitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Cakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatochipsitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatoesobrienitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potatoes O'Brien
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatosaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatoskinsitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Skins
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatosoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potitem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potroastitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pot Roast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potstickersitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pot Stickers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.poutineitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Poutine
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.powdereddonutitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Powdered Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pralinesitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pralines
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreaditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinspicelatteitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Spice Latte
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.queenbeeitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Queen Bee
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.quesadillaitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Quesadilla
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.quinoaitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quinoa
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.quinoaseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Quinoa Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.radishitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Radish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.radishseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Radish Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raisincookiesitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raisinsitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raisins
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rambutanitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rambutan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ramenitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ramen
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.randomtacoitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Random Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrymilkshakeitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Milk Shake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrypieitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofabbititem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofabbit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofaconitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofeakitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofeak
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofeegitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofeeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofenisonitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofenison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofickenitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Toficken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofishitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofuduckitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofuduck
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofurkeyitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofurkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofuttonitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofutton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.redvelvetcupcakeitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Velvet Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.refriedbeansitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Refried Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rhubarbitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhubarb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rhubarbseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ricecakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.riceitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ricepuddingitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Pudding
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.riceseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ricesoupitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rivermudcakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY River Mud Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastchickenitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Roast Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rootbeerfloatitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Root Beer Float
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Root Beer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rosepetalteaitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rose Petal Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rouxitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Roux
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.royaljellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Royal Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rutabagaitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutabaga
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rutabagaseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ryeitem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ryeseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saladdressingitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Salad Dressing
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.salisburysteakitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Salisbury Steak
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.salmononigiriitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Salmon Onigiri
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Salmon Patties
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.salsaitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Salsa
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saltedcaramelitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Salted Caramel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saltitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Salt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sardinerawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Sardine
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sardinesinhotsauceitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sardines in Hot Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saucedlambkebabitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sauced Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saucepanitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Saucepan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sauerbratenitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sauerbraten
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausagebeanmeltitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage Bean Melt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausageinbreaditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausageitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausagerollitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallopcookeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scalloprawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Scallop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.schnitzelitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Schnitzel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scrambledeggitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seaweeditem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Seaweed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seaweedseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seedenergygelitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Energy Gel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seedsoupitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameballitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Ball
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameoilitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Oil
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameseedsitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseeditem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shepardspieitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimpcocktailitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shrimp Cocktail
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimpcookeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesitem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimprawitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimptemperaitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shrimp Tempura
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.silkentofuitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Silken Tofu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sisalitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sisal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sisalseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sisal Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.skilletitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Skillet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.slawdogitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Slaw Dog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.slimegummiesitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Gummies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.slimepieitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.smoresitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Smores
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snailcookeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Snail
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snailrawitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Snail
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snapperrawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Snapper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snickersbaritem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Snickers Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustarditem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.softpretzelitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sourcreamandonionpotatochipsitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sour Cream and Onion Potato Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soursopitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Soursop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.southernstylebreakfastitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Southern Style Breakfast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soybeanitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybean
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soybeanseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybean Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soymilkitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Soy Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soysauceitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Soy Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spaghetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spagettiitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Spaghetti
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spaghettidinneritem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Spaghetti Dinner
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicebunitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Bun
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spiceleafitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spiceleafseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicygreensitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spicy Greens
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spidereyepieitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachpieitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.springfieldcashewchickenitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Springfield Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.springrollitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spring Rolls
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.springsaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spring Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sprinklescupcakeitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sprinkles Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.squidinkspaghettiitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Squid Ink Spaghetti
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruititem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steakandchipsitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak and Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steakfajitaitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak Fajita
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steaktartareitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak Tartare
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steamedpeasitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steamed Peas
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steamedspinachitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stockitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stock
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrycupcakeitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrypieitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryrhubarbpieitem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Rhubarb Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryseeditem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysouffleitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Soufflé
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedchilipeppersitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Chili Peppers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedduckitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Duck
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffingitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffing
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.suaderoitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Suadero
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.succotashitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Succotash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sugarcookieitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sundayhighteaitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunday High Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sundayroastitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunday Roast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.supremepizzaitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.surfandturfitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Surf and Turf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sushiitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sushi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.swedishmeatballsitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Swedish Meatballs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetandsourchickenitem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet and Sour Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetandsourmeatballsitem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet and Sour Meatballs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetandsoursauceitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet and Sour Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpickleitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseeditem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetteaitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.szechuaneggplantitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Szechuan Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tacoitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.taffyitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Taffy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.taiyakiitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Taiyaki
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.takoyakiitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Takoyaki
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tamarinditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tamarind
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.taroitem.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Taro
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.taroseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Taro Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tatertotsitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tater Tots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.teaitem.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cup of Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tealeafitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.teaseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.teriyakichickenitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Teriyaki Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.thankfuldinneritem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Thankful Dinner
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.theatreboxitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Theatre Box
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.threebeansaladitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Three Bean Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tilapiarawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.timpanoitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Timpano
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.timtamitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tim Tam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tiropitaitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiropita
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toadintheholeitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsitem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastedwesternitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Toasted Western
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastitem.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastsandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatilloitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomatillo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatilloseeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomatillo Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatoherbchickenitem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Herb Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatoitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatoseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatosoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tortillachipsitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tortilla Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tortillaitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tortilla
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.trailmixitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Trail Mix
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.troutrawitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Trout
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunafishsandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tunafish Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunaonigiriitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuna Onigiri
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunapotatoitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuna Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunarawitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tuna
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunasaladitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuna Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turkeycookeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turkeyrawitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Turkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turkishdelightitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Turkish Delight
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipsoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turtlecookeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turtlerawitem.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Turtle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillabeanitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillaconchasbreaditem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Conchas Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillacupcakeitem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Cupcake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillaitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegemiteitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegemite
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapitem.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiebaititem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiestripsitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Strips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.venisoncookeditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Venison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.venisonrawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Venison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vindalooitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Vindaloo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vinegaritem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vinegar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wafflesitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Waffles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walleyerawitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Walleye
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walnutitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Walnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreaditem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waterchestnutitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseeditem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyitem.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waxcombitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Waxcomb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.weekendpicnicitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Weekend Picnic
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.whitemushroomitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY White Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseeditem.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wintersquashitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Winter Squash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wintersquashseeditem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wontonsoupitem.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wonton Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wovencottonitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Cotton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingitem.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zeppoleitem.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeppole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyitem.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinibreaditem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesitem.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchiniitem.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchiniseeditem.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.advanced_batpack.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.advanced_charging_re_battery.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.advanced_heat_exchanger.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.advanced_heat_vent.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.advanced_re_battery.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.advanced_scanner.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY OV Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.alloy_chestplate.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Composite Vest
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.barrel.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.batpack.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY BatPack
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.block_cutting_blade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.boat.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Damaged Rubber Dinghy
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.booze_mug.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Zero
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.bronze_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.bronze_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.bronze_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.bronze_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.bronze_hoe.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.bronze_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.bronze_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.bronze_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.bronze_sword.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.cable.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Cable
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.casing.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Item Casing
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.cell.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Cell
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.cf_pack.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.chainsaw.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.charging_energy_crystal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.charging_lapotron_crystal.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.charging_re_battery.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.coke.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Coke
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.component_heat_exchanger.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.component_heat_vent.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.containment_box.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Containment Box
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.containment_plating.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.cover.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pump Attachment (LV)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.crafting.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.crop_res.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Beans
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.crop_seed_bag.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.crop_stick.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crop
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.cropnalyzer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.crowbar.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Attachment Remover
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.crushed.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.crystal_memory.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Memory
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.cutter.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutter
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.debug_item.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Item
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.depleted_isotope_fuel_rod.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Depleted Isotope Cell
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.diamond_drill.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Drill
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.drill.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Drill
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.dual_mox_fuel_rod.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.dual_uranium_fuel_rod.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.dust.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Dust
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.dynamite.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.dynamite_sticky.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.electric_hoe.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.electric_treetap.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.electric_wrench.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.energy_crystal.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.energy_pack.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energypack
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.filled_fuel_can.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Filled Fuel Can
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.filled_tin_can.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.fluid_cell.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.foam_sprayer.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY CF Sprayer
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.forge_hammer.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Forge Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.frequency_transmitter.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.hazmat_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.hazmat_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.hazmat_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.heat_exchanger.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.heat_plating.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.heat_storage.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.heat_vent.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.heatpack.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Heating Cell
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.hex_heat_storage.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mixed Metal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.iodine_tablet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iodine Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.iridium_drill.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Drill
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.iridium_reflector.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.jetpack.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.jetpack_electric.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.lapotron_crystal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.lappack.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lappack
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.lithium_fuel_rod.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.lzh_condensator.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.meter.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY EU-Reader
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.mining_laser.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Laser
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.misc_resource.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ashes
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.mox_fuel_rod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.mug.*                                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Mug
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.nano_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.nano_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.nano_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.nano_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.nano_saber.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Nano Saber
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.neutron_reflector.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.nightvision_goggles.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.nuclear.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.obscurator.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Obscurator
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.overclocked_heat_vent.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.painter.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Painter
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.pipe.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Bronze Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.plate.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Plate
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.plating.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Plating
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.purified.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.quad_mox_fuel_rod.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.quad_uranium_fuel_rod.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.quantum_boots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.quantum_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.quantum_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.quantum_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.re_battery.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY RE-Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.reactor_heat_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.reactor_heat_vent.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.remote.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.rotor_bronze.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Bronze)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.rotor_carbon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.rotor_iron.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.rotor_steel.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.rotor_wood.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.rsh_condensator.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.rubber_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.scanner.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY OD Scanner
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.single_use_battery.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.solar_helmet.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.static_boots.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Static Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.terra_wart.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Terra Wart
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.tfbp.*                                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.thick_neutron_reflector.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.tool_box.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tool Box
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.treetap.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Treetap
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.tri_heat_storage.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.upgrade.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.upgrade_kit.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.uranium_fuel_rod.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.weeding_trowel.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.wind_meter.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Windmeter
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.wrench.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.ic2.wrench_new.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench (New)
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.antidote.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Antidote
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.battery.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.bombcart.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Explosive Cart
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.circuit.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.clump.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Clump
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.defuser.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Defuser
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.explosive_missile.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Conventional Missile
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.grenade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Conventional Grenade
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.ingot.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.laserdetonator.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Laser Designator
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.plate.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.poisonpowder.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Poison Powder
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.radargun.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Radar Gun
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.remotedetonator.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Detonator
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.rocketlauncher.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.saltpeter.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Saltpeter
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.saltpeter_ball.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Saltpeter Starter
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.signaldisrupter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Disrupter
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.sulfurdust.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sulfur
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.surface_to_air_missile.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Surface to Air Missile
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.tracker.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tracker
fe.protection.inventory.icbmclassic.wire.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Wire
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.block_talisman.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY BlackHole Ring
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.focus_pouch.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichor_boots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichor_chest.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichor_helm.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichor_legs.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichorium_axe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichorium_axe_adv.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichorium_pick.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichorium_pick_adv.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Pick
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichorium_shovel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichorium_shovel_adv.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichorium_sword.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.ichorium_sword_adv.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.kami_boots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.kami_chest.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.kami_helm.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.kami_legs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.proto_clay.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Proto Clay
fe.protection.inventory.ichoriumkit.resourcekami.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Shard
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.adult_filter.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Adult Filter
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.artificial_dye.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY White§r Artificial Dye
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.book_manual.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Industrial Foregoing's Manual
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.conveyor_upgrade.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Extraction Conveyor Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.dryrubber.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dry Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.energy_field_addon.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Field Addon
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.fertilizer.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.fluid_transfer_addon_pull.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Transfer Addon (Pull/Down)
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.fluid_transfer_addon_push.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Transfer Addon (Push/Down)
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.fortune_addon.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fortune Addon
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.infinity_drill.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Infinity Drill
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.itemstack_transfer_addon_pull.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Itemstack Transfer Addon (Pull/Down)
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.itemstack_transfer_addon_push.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Itemstack Transfer Addon (Push/Down)
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.laser_lens.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY White§r Laser Lens
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.laser_lens_inverted.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY White§r Laser Lens (Inverted)
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.leaf_shearing.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leaf Shearing Addon
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.meat_feeder.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Feeder
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.mob_imprisonment_tool.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mob Imprisonment Tool
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.pink_slime.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Slime
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.pink_slime_ingot.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Slime Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.plastic.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Plastic
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.range_addon.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Range Addon
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.straw.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Straw
fe.protection.inventory.industrialforegoing.tinydryrubber.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Dry Rubber
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontanks.copper_iron_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontanks.copper_silver_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontanks.diamond_emerald_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Emerald Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontanks.diamond_obsidian_upgrade.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontanks.glass_copper_upgrade.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass to Copper Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontanks.glass_iron_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontanks.gold_diamond_upgrade.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontanks.iron_gold_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.irontanks.silver_gold_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpaluminium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpardite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpcarbon.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpcobalt.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpcrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpdarkiron.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Iron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpdesh.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpiridium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpmagnesium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpmercury.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpmeteoriciron.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpnickel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumppalladium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumptungsten.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpuranium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpyellorium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clumpzinc.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Clump
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusteraluminium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusterardite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Ardite Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clustercarbon.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Carbon Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clustercobalt.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Cobalt Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clustercrystal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusterdarkiron.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Dark Iron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusterdesh.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Desh Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusteriridium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Iridium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clustermagnesium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Magnesium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clustermercury.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Mercury Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clustermeteoriciron.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Meteoric Iron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusternickel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Nickel Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusterosmium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusterpalladium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Palladium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusterplatinum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Platinum Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clustertungsten.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusteruranium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusteryellorium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Yellorium Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_clusterzinc.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Zinc Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coinardite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coincarbon.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coincobalt.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coincrystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coindarkiron.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Iron Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coindesh.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coinmagnesium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coinmercury.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coinmeteoriciron.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coinosmium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coinpalladium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_cointungsten.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coinuranium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coinyellorium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_coinzinc.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Coin
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedardite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedcarbon.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Carbon Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedcobalt.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedcrystal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Crystal Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crusheddarkiron.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crusheddesh.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Desh Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushediridium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Iridium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedmagnesium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Magnesium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedmercury.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Mercury Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedmeteoriciron.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Meteoric Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushednickel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedosmium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpalladium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Palladium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedplatinum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedardite.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcarbon.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Carbon Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcobalt.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcrystal.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Crystal Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifieddarkiron.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifieddesh.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Desh Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiediridium.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Iridium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmagnesium.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Magnesium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmercury.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Mercury Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmeteoriciron.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Meteoric Iron Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiednickel.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedosmium.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedpalladium.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Palladium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedplatinum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedtungsten.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedyellorium.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedzinc.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedtungsten.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedyellorium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crushedzinc.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalaluminium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalardite.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalcarbon.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalcobalt.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalcrystal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystaldarkiron.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Iron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystaldesh.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystaliridium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalmagnesium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalmercury.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalmeteoriciron.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalnickel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalpalladium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalplatinum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystaltungsten.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystaluranium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalyellorium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_crystalzinc.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustardite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustcarbon.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustchargedcertusquartz.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustcobalt.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustcrystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdarkiron.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdesh.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtyaluminium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtyardite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtycarbon.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Carbon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtycobalt.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtycrystal.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Crystal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtydarkiron.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtydesh.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Desh Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtyiridium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Iridium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtymagnesium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtymercury.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Mercury Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtymeteoriciron.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtynickel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtypalladium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Palladium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtyplatinum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtytungsten.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtyuranium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtyyellorium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustdirtyzinc.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustemerald.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustmagnesium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustmercury.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustmeteoriciron.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustpalladium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallaluminium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallardite.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallcarbon.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Carbon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallcertusquartz.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallchargedcertusquartz.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallcoal.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Coal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallcobalt.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallcopper.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Copper Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallcrystal.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Crystal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmalldarkiron.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmalldesh.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Desh Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmalldiamond.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Diamond Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallemerald.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Emerald Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallgold.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Gold Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmalliridium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Iridium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmalliron.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmalllapis.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lapis Lazuli Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmalllead.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Lead Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallmagnesium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallmercury.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Mercury Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallmeteoriciron.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallnickel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallniter.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Niter Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallosmium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallpalladium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Palladium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallplatinum.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallquartz.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Quartz Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallredstone.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Redstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallsilver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Silver Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallsulfur.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Sulfur Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmalltin.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Tin Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmalltungsten.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmalluranium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallyellorium.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustsmallzinc.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Small Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyaluminium.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyardite.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinycarbon.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Carbon Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinycertusquartz.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinychargedcertusquartz.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinycoal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Coal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinycobalt.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinycrystal.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Crystal Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinydarkiron.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinydesh.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Desh Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinydiamond.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Diamond Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyemerald.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Emerald Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyiridium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Iridium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinymagnesium.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinymercury.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Mercury Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinymeteoriciron.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinynickel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyniter.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Niter Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyosmium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinypalladium.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Palladium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyplatinum.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyquartz.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Quartz Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyredstone.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Redstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinytungsten.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyuranium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyyellorium.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttinyzinc.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusttungsten.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dusturanium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_dustzinc.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Dust
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearardite.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearcarbon.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearcertusquartz.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearchargedcertusquartz.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Certus Quartz Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearcoal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearcobalt.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearcrystal.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_geardarkiron.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Iron Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_geardesh.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearlapis.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearmagnesium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearmercury.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearmeteoriciron.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearosmium.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearpalladium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearquartz.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_geartungsten.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearuranium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearyellorium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_gearzinc.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Gear
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetcarbon.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetcertusquartz.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetchargedcertusquartz.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Certus Quartz Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetcoal.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetcrystal.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetdarkiron.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetdesh.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetlapis.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetmagnesium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetmercury.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetmeteoriciron.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetpalladium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggettungsten.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggeturanium.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_nuggetyellorium.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_plateardite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platecertusquartz.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platechargedcertusquartz.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platecoal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platecobalt.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platecrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedarkiron.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensealuminium.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Aluminium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedenseardite.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Ardite Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensecarbon.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Carbon Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensecertusquartz.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensechargedcertusquartz.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensecoal.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Coal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensecobalt.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Cobalt Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensecrystal.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Crystal Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensedarkiron.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Dark Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensedesh.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Desh Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensediamond.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Diamond Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedenseemerald.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Emerald Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedenseiridium.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Iridium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensemagnesium.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Magnesium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensemercury.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Mercury Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensemeteoriciron.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Meteoric Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensenickel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Nickel Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedenseosmium.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Osmium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensepalladium.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Palladium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedenseplatinum.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Platinum Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensequartz.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Quartz Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensesilver.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Silver Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensetungsten.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedenseuranium.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Uranium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedenseyellorium.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Yellorium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedensezinc.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dense Zinc Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platedesh.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platediamond.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_plateemerald.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platemagnesium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platemercury.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platemeteoriciron.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_plateosmium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platepalladium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platequartz.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_platetungsten.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_plateuranium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_plateyellorium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Plate
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardaluminium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardardite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardcarbon.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardcobalt.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardcrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_sharddarkiron.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Iron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_sharddesh.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardiridium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardmagnesium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardmercury.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardmeteoriciron.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardnickel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardpalladium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardtungsten.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_sharduranium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardyellorium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_shardzinc.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Shard
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickaluminium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickardite.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickcarbon.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Carbon Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickcertusquartz.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickchargedcertusquartz.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Charged Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickcoal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickcobalt.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickcopper.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickcrystal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickdarkiron.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Iron Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickdesh.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickdiamond.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickemerald.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickgold.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickiridium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_sticklapis.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_sticklead.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickmagnesium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnesium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickmercury.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mercury Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickmeteoriciron.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_sticknickel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickosmium.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickpalladium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Palladium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickquartz.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_sticksilver.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_sticktin.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_sticktungsten.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickuranium.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickyellorium.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jaopca.item_stickzinc.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Rod
fe.protection.inventory.jexclusives.crystal.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strange Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.broken_item.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Broken Item
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.chip_advanced.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Chip
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.chip_advanced_raw.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Advanced Chip
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.chip_basic.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Chip
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.chip_basic_raw.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Basic Chip
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.chip_fpga.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY FPGA
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.chip_fpga_raw.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw FPGA
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.disk.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Disk
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.fluid_container.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Container
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.guide_book.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Pipes' Guide Book
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.hud_glasses.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics HUD Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.item_card.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Item Card
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.logistics_programmer.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Programmer
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_active_supplier.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Active Supplier Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_blank.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_crafter.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_enchantment_sink.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchantment Sink Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_enchantment_sink_mk2.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchantment Sink Module MK2
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_extractor.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Extractor Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_extractor_advanced.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Extractor Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_item_sink.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemSink Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_creativetab.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Tab Based ItemSink Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_mod.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mod Based ItemSink Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_oredict.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY OreDict ItemSink Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_polymorphic.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Polymorphic ItemSink Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_passive_supplier.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Passive Supplier Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_provider.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Provider Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_quick_sort.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY QuickSort Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.module_terminus.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Terminus Module
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.parts.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics HUD Bow
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_basic.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk1.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Chassis Mk1
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk2.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Chassis Mk2
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk3.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Chassis Mk3
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk4.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Chassis Mk4
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk5.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Chassis Mk5
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_controller.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Controller
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_crafting.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_firewall.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Firewall Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_basic.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Basic Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_extractor.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Extractor Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_insertion.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_provider.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Provider Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_request.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Request Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_satellite.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Satellite Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_supplier.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Container Supplier
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_supplier_mk2.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Supplier
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_terminus.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Fluid Terminus Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_curve.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Highspeed Curve Tube
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_gain.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Highspeed Gain Tube
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_line.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Highspeed Line Tube
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_s_curve.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Highspeed S-Curve Tube
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_speedup.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Highspeed Speedup Tube
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_inventory_system_connector.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Inventory System Connector
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_manager.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Manager
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_provider.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Provider Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_remote_orderer.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Orderer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_request.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Request Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_request_mk2.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Request Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_request_table.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Request Table
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_satellite.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Satellite Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_supplier.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Supplier Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_system_destination.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics System Destination Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_system_entrance.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics System Entrance Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.pipe_transport_basic.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Unrouted Transport Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.remote_orderer.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote Orderer
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.sign_creator.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Sign Creator
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_action_speed.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Action Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_cc_remote_control.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY CC Remote Control Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_byproduct.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Byproduct Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_cleanup.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Cleanup Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_monitoring.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Monitoring Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_disconnection.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Disconnection Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_fluid_crafting.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Crafting Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_fuzzy.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fuzzy Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_item_extraction.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_item_stack_extraction.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemStack Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_logic_controller.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Logic Controller Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_module_upgrade.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Module Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_opaque.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Opaque Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_pattern.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Placement Rules Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_ev.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY EU EV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_hv.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY EU HV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_lv.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY EU LV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_mv.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY EU MV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_mj.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY MJ Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_rf.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY RF Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_transportation.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Transportation Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_satellite_advanced.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced Satellite Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_sneaky.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sneaky Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_sneaky_combination.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sneaky Combination Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.logisticspipes.upgrade_speed.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.longfallboots.longfallboots.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Long Fall Boots
fe.protection.inventory.lostmagic.purifying_shovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.inventory.lostmagic.ring_nutrition.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.inventory.lostmagic.scribe_blood.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.backpack_thaumaturge_t1.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.backpack_thaumaturge_t2.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.beecomb.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Comb
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.drop.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanting Drop
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.frames.gentle.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gentle Frame
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.frames.magic.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Frame
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.frames.metabolic.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Metabolic Frame
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.frames.necrotic.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Necrotic Frame
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.frames.oblivion.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Oblivion Frame
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.frames.resilient.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Resilient Frame
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.frames.temporal.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Temporal Frame
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.jelly_babies.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Handful of Jelly Babies
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.manasteelgrafter.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Grafter
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.manasteelscoop.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Scoop
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.moondial.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Jade Moon Dial
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.mysteriousmagnet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mysterious Magnet
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.orepart.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shard
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.pollen.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Unusual Pollen
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.propolis.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Unstable Propolis
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.resource.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lore Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.magicbees.wax.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Wax
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.anchorupgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Anchor Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.armoredjetpack.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.atomicalloy.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.atomicdisassembler.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.balloon.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.biofuel.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.clump.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.compressedcarbon.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.compresseddiamond.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.compressedobsidian.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.compressedredstone.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.configurationcard.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Configuration Card
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.configurator.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Configurator
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.controlcircuit.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.craftingformula.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Formula
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.crystal.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.dictionary.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Dictionary
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.dirtydust.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.dust.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.electricbow.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Bow
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.electrolyticcore.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.energytablet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.energyupgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.enrichedalloy.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.enrichediron.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Iron
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.filterupgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.flamethrower.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flamethrower
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.freerunners.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Free Runners
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.gasmask.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Mask
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.gasupgrade.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.gaugedropper.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.ingot.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.itemproxy.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.jetpack.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.mufflingupgrade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.networkreader.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Reader
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.nugget.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.otherdust.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.polyethene.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.portableteleporter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.reinforcedalloy.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.robit.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Robit
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.salt.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Salt
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.sawdust.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sawdust
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.scubatank.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Tank
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.seismicreader.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Seismic Reader
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.shard.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.speedupgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.substrate.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Substrate
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.teleportationcore.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleportation Core
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.tierinstaller.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.walkietalkie.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismgenerators.hohlraum.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hohlraum
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismgenerators.solarpanel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Panel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismgenerators.turbineblade.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.bronzeaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.bronzeboots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.bronzechestplate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.bronzehelmet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.bronzehoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.bronzeleggings.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.bronzepaxel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.bronzepickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.bronzeshovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.bronzesword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.diamondpaxel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.glowstoneaxe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.glowstoneboots.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.glowstonechestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.glowstonehelmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.glowstonehoe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.glowstoneleggings.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.glowstonepaxel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.glowstonepickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.glowstoneshovel.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.glowstonesword.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.goldpaxel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.ironpaxel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.lapislazuliaxe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.lapislazuliboots.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.lapislazulichestplate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.lapislazulihelmet.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.lapislazulihoe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.lapislazulileggings.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.lapislazulipaxel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.lapislazulipickaxe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.lapislazulishovel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.lapislazulisword.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.obsidianaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.obsidianboots.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.obsidianchestplate.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.obsidianhelmet.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.obsidianhoe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.obsidianleggings.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.obsidianpaxel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.obsidianpickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.obsidianshovel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.obsidiansword.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.osmiumaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.osmiumboots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.osmiumchestplate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.osmiumhelmet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.osmiumhoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.osmiumleggings.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.osmiumpaxel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.osmiumpickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.osmiumshovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.osmiumsword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.steelaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.steelboots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.steelchestplate.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.steelhelmet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.steelhoe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.steelleggings.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.steelpaxel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.steelpickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.steelshovel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.steelsword.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.stonepaxel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismtools.woodpaxel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Paxel
fe.protection.inventory.microblockcbe.microblock.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Unnamed
fe.protection.inventory.microblockcbe.saw_diamond.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.microblockcbe:saw_diamond.name
fe.protection.inventory.microblockcbe.saw_iron.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.microblockcbe:saw_iron.name
fe.protection.inventory.microblockcbe.saw_stone.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.microblockcbe:saw_stone.name
fe.protection.inventory.microblockcbe.stone_rod.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.microblockcbe:stone_rod.name
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.air.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Air
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.birch_door.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.elytra.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Elytra
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY End Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hopper Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Knowledge Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mutton.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shield.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Shulker Shell
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.splash_potion.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Totem of Undying
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.modularrouters.augment.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fast Pickup Augment
fe.protection.inventory.modularrouters.augment_core.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Augment Core
fe.protection.inventory.modularrouters.blank_module.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Module
fe.protection.inventory.modularrouters.blank_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.modularrouters.filter.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bulk Item Filter
fe.protection.inventory.modularrouters.module.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dropper Module
fe.protection.inventory.modularrouters.override_card.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Security Override Card
fe.protection.inventory.modularrouters.upgrade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stack Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.moremystcraft.maintainer_suit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Maintainer Suit
fe.protection.inventory.morphtool.tool.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Morphing Tool
fe.protection.inventory.mystcraft.agebook.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Descriptive Book
fe.protection.inventory.mystcraft.booster.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sealed Notebook
fe.protection.inventory.mystcraft.folder.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Collation Folder
fe.protection.inventory.mystcraft.glasses.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY XComp's Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.mystcraft.linkbook.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Linking Book
fe.protection.inventory.mystcraft.page.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.myst.page.name
fe.protection.inventory.mystcraft.portfolio.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Symbol Portfolio
fe.protection.inventory.mystcraft.unlinkedbook.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Unlinked Link Book
fe.protection.inventory.mystcraft.vial.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Vial
fe.protection.inventory.mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Writing Desk
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.apatite_essence.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apatite Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.apatite_seeds.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Apatite Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.ardite_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.ardite_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.basalt_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Basalt Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.basalt_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Basalt Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.basalz_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Basalz Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.basalz_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Basalz Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.blaze_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.blaze_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.blitz_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blitz Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.blitz_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blitz Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.blizz_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blizz Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.blizz_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blizz Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.brass_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.brass_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.bronze_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.bronze_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_essence.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_seeds.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Certus Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.charm.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Charm
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.chicken_essence.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.chicken_seeds.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.chunk.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tier 1 Mob Chunk
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.coal.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Coal
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.coal_essence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.coal_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_essence.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Iron Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_seeds.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Iron Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_essence.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Conductive Iron Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_seeds.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Conductive Iron Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.constantan_essence.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.constantan_seeds.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.copper_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.copper_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.core_remover.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §cCore Remover
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.cow_essence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cow Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.cow_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cow Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.crafting.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.creeper_essence.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.creeper_seeds.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_essence.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Steel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_seeds.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Steel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.desh_essence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.desh_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Desh Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.diamond_essence.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.diamond_seeds.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.dirt_essence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirt Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.dirt_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirt Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.dye_essence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dye Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.dye_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Dye Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_essence.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_seeds.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrical Steel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.electrum_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.electrum_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.elementium_essence.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.elementium_seeds.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Elementium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.emerald_essence.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.emerald_seeds.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.end_essence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY End Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.end_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY End Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_essence.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY End Steel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_seeds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY End Steel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.enderium_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.enderium_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.enderman_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderman Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.enderman_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Enderman Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_essence.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Energetic Alloy Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_seeds.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Energetic Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.experience_essence.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Experience Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.experience_seeds.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Experience Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.fertilized_essence.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §dFertilized Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_essence.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Ingot Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_seeds.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Ingot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.fire_essence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.fire_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.fluix_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluix Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.fluix_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluix Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_essence.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluxed Electrum Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_seeds.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluxed Electrum Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.gear.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Tool Core
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.ghast_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.ghast_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_essence.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_essence.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Ingot Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_seeds.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Ingot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_seeds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.gold_essence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.gold_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_essence.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Grains of Infinity Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_seeds.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Grains of Infinity Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.graphite_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Graphite Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.graphite_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Graphite Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.guardian_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Guardian Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.guardian_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Guardian Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.ice_essence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.ice_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_apple.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Apple
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_arrow.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_axe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_boots.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_bow.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Bow
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_fishing_rod.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_helmet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_hoe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_leggings.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_pickaxe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_scythe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_shears.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Shears
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_shovel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_sickle.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.inferium_sword.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.infusion_crystal.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Infusion Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_apple.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Apple
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_arrow.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_axe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_boots.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_bow.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Bow
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_fishing_rod.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_helmet.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_hoe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_leggings.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_scythe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_shears.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Shears
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_shovel.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_sickle.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_sword.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Intermedium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.invar_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.invar_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_essence.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Ore Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_seeds.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iridium Ore Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.iron_essence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.iron_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_essence.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightmetal Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_seeds.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightmetal Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_essence.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightslime Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_seeds.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightslime Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_essence.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_seeds.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Lazuli Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.lead_essence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.lead_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.limestone_essence.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Limestone Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.limestone_seeds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Limestone Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.lumium_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lumium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.lumium_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lumium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_essence.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_seeds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Manasteel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_essence.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_seeds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.marble_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Marble Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.marble_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Marble Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.master_infusion_crystal.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §cMaster Infusion Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_essence.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_seeds.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Meteoric Iron Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.mystical_fertilizer.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY §dMystical Fertilizer
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_essence.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Flower Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_seeds.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mystical Flower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.nature_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nature Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.nature_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nature Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.nether_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_essence.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_seeds.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.nether_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.nickel_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.nickel_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.osmium_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.osmium_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.peridot_essence.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.peridot_seeds.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Peridot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.pig_essence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.pig_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.platinum_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.platinum_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_apple.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Apple
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_arrow.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_axe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_boots.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_bow.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Bow
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_fishing_rod.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_helmet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_hoe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_leggings.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_pickaxe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_scythe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_shears.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Shears
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_shovel.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_sickle.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_sword.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §aPrudentium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_essence.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsating Iron Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulsating Iron Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_essence.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quicksilver Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_seeds.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Quicksilver Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_essence.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Alloy Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.redstone_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.redstone_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_essence.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_seeds.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.rubber_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.rubber_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rubber Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.ruby_essence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.ruby_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_essence.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Saltpeter Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_seeds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Saltpeter Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.sheep_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sheep Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.sheep_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sheep Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.signalum_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Signalum Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.signalum_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Signalum Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.silicon_essence.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.silicon_seeds.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Silicon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.silver_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.silver_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_essence.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sky Stone Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_seeds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sky Stone Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.slime_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.slime_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.soularium_essence.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Soularium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.soularium_seeds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Soularium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.soulium_dagger.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §dSoulium Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.spider_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.spider_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.steel_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.steel_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.stone_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.stone_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sulfur Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sulfur Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_apple.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Apple
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_arrow.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_axe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_boots.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_bow.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Bow
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_fishing_rod.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_helmet.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_hoe.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_leggings.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_pickaxe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_scythe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_shears.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Shears
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_shovel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_sickle.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.superium_sword.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY §bSuperium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_apple.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Apple
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_arrow.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_axe.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_boots.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_bow.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Bow
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_fishing_rod.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_helmet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_hoe.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_leggings.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_scythe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_shears.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Shears
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_shovel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_sickle.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.supremium_sword.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §cSupremium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_essence.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_seeds.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrasteel Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.tier1_inferium_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.tier2_inferium_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.tier3_inferium_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.tier4_inferium_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.tier5_inferium_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.tin_essence.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.tin_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.titanium_essence.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.titanium_seeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Titanium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_essence.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 238 Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_seeds.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium 238 Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.uranium_essence.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.uranium_seeds.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Uranium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_essence.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Vibrant Alloy Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_seeds.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Vibrant Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_essence.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Metal Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_seeds.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Metal Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.water_essence.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.water_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.watering_can.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY §eInferium Watering Can
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_essence.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_seeds.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wither Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.wood_essence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.wood_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.xp_droplet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Experience Droplet
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_essence.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_seeds.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellorium Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.zinc_essence.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.zinc_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Zinc Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.zombie_essence.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Essence
fe.protection.inventory.mysticalagriculture.zombie_seeds.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.natura.bloodwood_axe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.natura.bloodwood_bow.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Bow
fe.protection.inventory.natura.bloodwood_kama.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Kama
fe.protection.inventory.natura.bloodwood_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.natura.bloodwood_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.natura.bloodwood_sword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bloodwood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.natura.bonemeal_bag.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone Meal Bag
fe.protection.inventory.natura.darkwood_axe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.natura.darkwood_bow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Bow
fe.protection.inventory.natura.darkwood_kama.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Kama
fe.protection.inventory.natura.darkwood_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.natura.darkwood_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.natura.darkwood_sword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.natura.edibles.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Imphide
fe.protection.inventory.natura.empty_bowls.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Ghostwood Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.natura.flint_and_blaze.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Blaze
fe.protection.inventory.natura.fusewood_axe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.natura.fusewood_bow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Bow
fe.protection.inventory.natura.fusewood_kama.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Kama
fe.protection.inventory.natura.fusewood_pickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.natura.fusewood_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.natura.fusewood_sword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fusewood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.natura.ghostwood_axe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.natura.ghostwood_bow.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Bow
fe.protection.inventory.natura.ghostwood_kama.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Kama
fe.protection.inventory.natura.ghostwood_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.natura.ghostwood_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.natura.ghostwood_sword.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.natura.imp_armor_boots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impskin Boots
fe.protection.inventory.natura.imp_armor_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Impskin Jerkin
fe.protection.inventory.natura.imp_armor_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impskin Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.natura.imp_armor_leggings.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Impskin Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.natura.materials.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley
fe.protection.inventory.natura.nether_doors.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.inventory.natura.netherquartz_axe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.natura.netherquartz_kama.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Kama
fe.protection.inventory.natura.netherquartz_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.natura.netherquartz_shovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.natura.netherquartz_sword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Quartz Sword
fe.protection.inventory.natura.overworld_doors.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.inventory.natura.overworld_seed_bags.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.natura.overworld_seeds.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.natura.saguaro_fruit_item.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.natura.seed_bags.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat Seed Bag
fe.protection.inventory.natura.soups.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.natura.sticks.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.naturescompass.naturescompass.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nature's Compass
fe.protection.inventory.omlib.debug_tool.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Tool
fe.protection.inventory.omlib.fake_sword.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.fake_sword.name
fe.protection.inventory.omlib.multi_tool.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.multi_tool.name
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.cartographer.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cartographer
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.crane_backpack.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.crane_control.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crane Control
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.crayon_glasses.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.cursor.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursor
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.dev_null.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY /dev/null
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.empty_map.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.epic_eraser.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Eraser
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.generic.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Glider Wing
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.generic_unstackable.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pointer
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.glyph.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY 'À' Glyph
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.golden_eye.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden eye
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.hang_glider.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hang Glider
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.height_map.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Height Map
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.info_book.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.luggage.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Luggage
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.paintbrush.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Paint Brush
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.pedometer.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pedometer
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.pencil_glasses.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.serious_glasses.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Badass Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.sleeping_bag.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.slimalyzer.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimalyzer
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.sonic_glasses.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.sponge_on_a_stick.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sponge
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.squeegee.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Squeegee
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.stencil.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stencil
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.tasty_clay.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Tasty Clay
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.technicolor_glasses.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.wrench.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.inventory.openblocks.xp_bucket.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY XP Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.card.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Card
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.component.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Central Processing Unit (CPU) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.hoverboots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hover Boots
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.material.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutting Wire
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.misc.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.storage.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY EEPROM
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.tool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Analyzer
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.upgrade.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Angel Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.wrench.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrench
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.addon_meta.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.ammo_meta.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.intermediate_regular.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY IO Bus
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.intermediate_tiered.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.upgrade_meta.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.inventory.openmodularturrets.usable_meta.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.pages.block_writer.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Writer
fe.protection.inventory.patchouli.guide_book.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Guide Book
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.dish_keycard.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Communication Dish Keycard
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.item_satellite_rocket.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Satellite Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_0.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_1.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_10.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_11.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_12.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_13.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_14.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_15.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_16.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_17.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_18.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_19.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_2.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_20.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_21.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_22.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_23.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_24.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_25.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_26.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_27.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_28.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_29.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_3.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_30.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_31.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_32.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_33.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_34.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_35.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_36.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_37.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_38.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_39.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_4.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_40.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_41.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_42.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_43.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_44.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_45.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_46.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_47.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_48.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_49.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_5.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_50.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_51.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_52.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_53.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_54.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_55.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_6.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_7.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_8.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.research_paper_9.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Research Paper
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.satellite_basic.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Satellite
fe.protection.inventory.planetprogression.satellite_module_basic.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Satellite Module
fe.protection.inventory.plethora.keyboard.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Keyboard
fe.protection.inventory.plethora.module.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Introspection module
fe.protection.inventory.plethora.neuralconnector.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Neural connector
fe.protection.inventory.plethora.neuralinterface.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Neural interface
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.alumiteingot.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumite Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.alumitenugget.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumite Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.battery_cell.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Battery Cell
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.invaringot.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.invarnugget.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.laser_medium.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Laser Medium
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.mirioningot.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirion Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.mirionnugget.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirion Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.osgloglasingot.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Osgloglas Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.osgloglasnugget.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Osgloglas Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.osmiridiumingot.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmiridium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.osmiridiumnugget.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Osmiridium Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.plustic.pipe_piece.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Piece
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.advanced_pcb.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Advanced PCB
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.air_canister.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Canister
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.air_grate_module.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Grate Tube Module
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.amadron_tablet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Amadron Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.armor_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.assembly_program.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Assembly Program: Drill
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.block_tracker_upgrade.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.camo_applicator.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Camouflage Applicator
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.cannon_barrel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cannon Barrel
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.capacitor.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Capacitor
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.charging_module.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging Module
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.charging_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Charging Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.compressed_iron_gear.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Iron Gear
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.coordinate_tracker_upgrade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Coordinate Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.creative_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Supply Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.crop_support.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crop Support
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.dispenser_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Dispenser Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.drone.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Drone
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.empty_pcb.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty PCB
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.entity_tracker_upgrade.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Entity Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.failed_pcb.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Failed PCB
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.flow_detector_module.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Flow Detector Tube Module
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.gps_area_tool.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY GPS Area Tool
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.gps_tool.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY GPS Tool
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_ap.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor-Piercing Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_explosive.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Explosive Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_freezing.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Freezing Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_incendiary.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Incendiary Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_weighted.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Weighted Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.harvesting_drone.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Harvesting Drone
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.heat_frame.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Heat Frame
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.ingot_iron_compressed.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.item_life_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Life Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.jet_boots_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Jet Boots Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.logistic_drone.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistic Drone
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_active_provider.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistic Active Provider Frame
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_default_storage.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistic Default Storage Frame
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_passive_provider.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistic Passive Provider Frame
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_requester.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistic Requester Frame
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_storage.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistic Storage Frame
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.logistics_configurator.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Configurator
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.logistics_module.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Logistics Module
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.magnet_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnet Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.manometer.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Manometer
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.micromissiles.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Micromissiles
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.minigun.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Minigun
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.network_component.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diagnostic Subroutine
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.night_vision_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Night Vision Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.nuke_virus.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nuke Virus
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.pcb_blueprint.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY PCB Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.plastic.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Plastic
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_boots.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_chestplate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_cylinder.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Cylinder
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_leggings.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_wrench.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pneumatic Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.pressure_gauge.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pressure Gauge
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.pressure_gauge_module.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pressure Gauge Tube Module
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.printed_circuit_board.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Printed Circuit Board
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.programming_puzzle.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Programming Puzzle
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.range_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Range Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.redstone_module.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Module
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.regulator_tube_module.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Regulator Tube Module
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.reinforced_air_canister.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Air Canister
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.remote.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.safety_tube_module.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Safety Tube Module
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.scuba_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY SCUBA Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.search_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Search Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.security_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Security Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.seismic_sensor.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Seismic Sensor
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.spawner_agitator.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawner Agitator
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.speed_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.stone_base.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Base
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.stop_worm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY STOP! Worm
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.thaumcraft_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumcraft Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.transfer_gadget.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Transfer Gadget
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.transistor.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Transistor
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.turbine_blade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.turbine_rotor.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.unassembled_pcb.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unassembled PCB
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.volume_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Volume Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.pneumaticcraft.vortex_cannon.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vortex Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.portalgun.item_dust_ender_pearl.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl Dust
fe.protection.inventory.portalgun.item_miniature_black_hole.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Miniature Black Hole
fe.protection.inventory.portalgun.item_portalgun.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Portal Gun
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.power_fist.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Fist
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.powerarmor_feet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Armor Boots
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.powerarmor_head.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Armor Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.powerarmor_legs.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Armor Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.powerarmor_torso.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Power Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.powersuits.powerarmorcomponent.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wiring
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-core.drawplate.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.core.drawplate.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-core.multimeter.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.core.multimeter.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-core.resource_item.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.core.itemResource.plate.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-core.screwdriver.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.core.screwdriver.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.charged_battery.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.battery.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.electric_screwdriver.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.screwdriverElectric.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.empty_battery.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.batteryEmpty.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.enderPearlInfused.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.jetpack.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.jetpack.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.plan.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.plan.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.solar_panel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.solarPanel.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.athame.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.athame.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.backpack.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.backpack|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.diamond_sickle.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleDiamond.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.golden_saw.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sawGold.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.golden_sickle.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleGold.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.iron_sickle.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleIron.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_axe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.axePeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_boots.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.bootsPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.chestplatePeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_helmet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.helmetPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_hoe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.hoePeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_leggings.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.leggingsPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_pickaxe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.pickaxePeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_saw.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sawPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_shovel.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.shovelPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_sickle.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sicklePeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_sword.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.swordPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_axe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.axeRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_boots.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.bootsRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.chestplateRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_helmet.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.helmetRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.hoeRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_leggings.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.leggingsRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_saw.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sawRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_shovel.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.shovelRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_sickle.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_sword.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.swordRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_axe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.axeSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_boots.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.bootsSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.chestplateSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_helmet.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.helmetSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_hoe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.hoeSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_leggings.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.leggingsSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_saw.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sawSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_shovel.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.shovelSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sickle.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sword.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.swordSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.stone_sickle.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleStone.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.wooden_sickle.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleWood.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.wool_gin.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.woolGin.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-fabrication.ic_blueprint.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.fabrication.icBlueprint.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-fabrication.ic_chip.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.fabrication.icChip|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.cage_lamp.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.cageLamp|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.fallout_lamp.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.falloutLamp|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.feedback_light_button.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.lightButtonFeedback|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.fixture_light.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLight|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.inverted_cage_lamp.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.cageLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.inverted_fallout_lamp.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.falloutLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.inverted_fixture_light.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLightInverted|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.inverted_lantern.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.lanternInverted|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.lantern.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.lantern|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.light_button.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.lightButton|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-integration.gate.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.integration.gate|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-transmission.framed_wire.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.transmission.wireFramed|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-transmission.wire.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.transmission.wire|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-transportation.pipe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.transportation.pipe|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-transportation.router_utility.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.transportation.routerUtility.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-transportation.routing_chip.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.transportation.routingChip|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.quark.ancient_tome.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Tome
fe.protection.inventory.quark.archaeologist_hat.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Archaeologist Hat
fe.protection.inventory.quark.arrow_ender.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.quark.arrow_explosive.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Explosive Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.quark.arrow_torch.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Torch Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.quark.chain.*                                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chain
fe.protection.inventory.quark.colored_item_frame.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY White Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.cooked_crab_leg.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Crab Leg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.crab_leg.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crab Leg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.crab_shell.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crab Shell Fragment
fe.protection.inventory.quark.diamond_heart.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Heart of Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.quark.enderdragon_scale.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon Scale
fe.protection.inventory.quark.glass_item_frame.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.quark.glass_shards.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Shard
fe.protection.inventory.quark.horse_whistle.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Horse Whistle
fe.protection.inventory.quark.parrot_egg.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Parrot Egg
fe.protection.inventory.quark.pickarang.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickarang
fe.protection.inventory.quark.pirate_hat.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pirate Hat
fe.protection.inventory.quark.root.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cave Root
fe.protection.inventory.quark.root_dye.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Dye
fe.protection.inventory.quark.root_flower.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Sprout
fe.protection.inventory.quark.rune.*                                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY White Rune
fe.protection.inventory.quark.slime_bucket.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime in a Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.quark.soul_bead.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Bead
fe.protection.inventory.quark.soul_powder.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Powder
fe.protection.inventory.quark.tallow.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tallow
fe.protection.inventory.quark.trowel.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_boots_steel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_chestplate_steel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_goggles.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_helmet_steel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_leggings_steel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_overalls.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.backpack_apothecary_t1.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.backpack_apothecary_t2.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.backpack_iceman_t1.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.backpack_iceman_t2.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.backpack_signalman_t1.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.railcraft.backpack.signalman.t1.name
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.backpack_signalman_t2.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.railcraft.backpack.signalman.t2.name
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.backpack_trackman_t1.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.backpack_trackman_t2.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.bore.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.borehead_bronze.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.borehead_diamond.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.borehead_iron.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.borehead_steel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_bed.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_cargo.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cargo Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_chest_metals.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Metals Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_chest_void.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_gift.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gift Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_ic2_batbox.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Batbox Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_ic2_cesu.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY CESU Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_ic2_mfe.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY MFE Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_jukebox.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Jukebox Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_pumpkin.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_redstone_flux.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_spawner.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawner Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_tank.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tank Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_tnt_wood.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_trade_station.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Trade Station Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_work.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Work Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_worldspike_admin.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Admin Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_worldspike_personal.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Personal Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_worldspike_standard.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.charge.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Charge Coil
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.circuit.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Controller Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.concrete.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bag of Cement
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.dust.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.filter_bee.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Filter
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.filter_bee_genome.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Genome Filter
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.filter_blank.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Filter
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.filter_ore_dict.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Dictionary Filter
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.filter_type.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Type Filter
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.firestone_cracked.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.firestone_cut.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cut Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.firestone_raw.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.firestone_refined.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.fluid_bottle_creosote.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.fluid_bottle_steam.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.fuel_coke.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Coke
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.gear.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Gear
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.ingot.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.locomotive_creative.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.locomotive_electric.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.locomotive_steam_solid.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.mow_track_layer.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.mow_track_relayer.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.mow_track_remover.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.mow_undercutter.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.nugget.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.plate.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.rail.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Rail
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.railbed.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.rebar.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rebar
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.routing_table.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Routing Table
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.routing_ticket.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.routing_ticket_gold.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.signal_lamp.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tie.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tie
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_axe_steel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_charge_meter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charge Meter
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_crowbar_iron.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_crowbar_seasons.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crowbar of Seasons
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_crowbar_steel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_hoe_steel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_magnifying_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_notepad.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_pickaxe_steel.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_shears_steel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_shovel_steel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_signal_label.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Label
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_signal_surveyor.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Surveyor
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_signal_tuner.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_iron.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Spike Maul
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_steel.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Spike Maul
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_sword_steel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_whistle_tuner.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.track_kit.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invalid Track Kit§r
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.track_parts.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Parts
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.turbine_blade.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.turbine_disk.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Disk
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.turbine_rotor.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.artifact_generation_tag.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Artifact Generation Tag
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.block_selector.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Block Selector
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.block_selector_floating.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Floating Block Selector
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.book_generation_tag.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Book Generation Tag
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.inspector.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Inspector
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.inventory_generation_component_tag.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Loot Table Component Tag
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.inventory_generation_single_tag.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Single Loot Generation Tag
fe.protection.inventory.reccomplex.inventory_generation_tag.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Loot Generation Tag
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.armor.boots_flux.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.armor.helmet_flux.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.armor.legs_flux.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.armor.plate_flux.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.material.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.axe_flux.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.battlewrench_flux.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.bow_flux.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.excavator_flux.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.fishing_rod_flux.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.hammer_flux.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.pickaxe_flux.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.shield_flux.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Shield
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.shovel_flux.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.sickle_flux.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.sword_flux.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.tool.wrench_flux.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.inventory.redstonearsenal.util.quiver_flux.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux-Infused Quiver
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.arrow_bundle.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow Bundle
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.blowgun.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blowgun
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.blunderbuss.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blunderbuss
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.blunderbuss_barrel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blunderbuss Barrel
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.blunderbuss_bullet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blunderbuss Shot
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.crossbow.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.crossbow_bolt.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crossbow Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.dart_hunger.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dart of Hunger
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.dart_normal.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Normal Dart
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.dart_poison.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Dart
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.dart_poison_strong.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Very Poisionous Dart
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.dart_slowness.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dart of Slowness
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.dart_wither.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Dart of the Wither
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.diamond_dirk.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Dirk
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.diamond_katana.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Katana
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.diamond_mace.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Mace
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.diamond_pike.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pike
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.diamond_saber.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Saber
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.dummy.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Training Dummy
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.dynamite.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Dynamite
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.firerod.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Firerod
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.golden_dirk.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Dirk
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.golden_katana.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Katana
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.golden_mace.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Mace
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.golden_pike.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pike
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.golden_saber.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Saber
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.gun_stock.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gun Stock
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.iron_dirk.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dirk
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.iron_katana.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Katana
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.iron_mace.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Mace
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.iron_pike.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pike
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.iron_saber.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Saber
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.javelin.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Javelin
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.keris.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Kris
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.musket.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Musket
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.musket_barrel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Musket Barrel
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.musket_bullet.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Musket Ball
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.nest_of_bees.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nest Of Bees
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.stone_dirk.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Dirk
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.stone_katana.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Katana
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.stone_mace.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Mace
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.stone_pike.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pike
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.stone_saber.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Saber
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.tab_icon.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ignore me!
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.tab_icon_integration.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ignore me!
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.wooden_dirk.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Dirk
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.wooden_katana.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Katana
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.wooden_mace.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Mace
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.wooden_pike.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pike
fe.protection.inventory.reforged.wooden_saber.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Saber
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.itemfluxpack.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Fluxpack
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.itemjetpack.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.metaitem.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Particle Customizer (Default)
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.metaitemmods.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Thruster
fe.protection.inventory.simplyjetpacks.pilot_goggles.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pilot Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.statues.hammer.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.statues.palette.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Palette
fe.protection.inventory.stevescarts.cartmodule.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Engine
fe.protection.inventory.stevescarts.modularcart.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Cart
fe.protection.inventory.stevescarts.modulecomponents.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Wheels
fe.protection.inventory.superfactorymanager.disk.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Memory Disc
fe.protection.inventory.supersoundmuffler.sound_muffler_bauble.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Sound Muffler
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.arrow.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.axe_head.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.battlesign.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Battlesign
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.binding.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Binding
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bolt.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bolt Core
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.book.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Materials and You
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowlimb
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bow_string.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowstring
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broadsword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cast.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ingot Cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cleaver.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cleaver
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cross Guard
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.crossbow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.edible.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.excavator.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Excavator Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.fletching.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fletching
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.frypan.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Frypan
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hammer.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Guard
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hatchet.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ingots.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.kama.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Kama
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.kama_head.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Kama Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.large_plate.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Plate
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.longbow.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Longbow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.longsword.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Longsword
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lumberaxe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.materials.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Seared Brick
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.mattock.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mattock
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.nuggets.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pan_head.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pan
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pattern.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pick_head.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Piggybackpack
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.rapier.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Rapier
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.scythe.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shard.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Shard
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shortbow.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shortbow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shovel.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shuriken.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sign_head.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign Plate
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Boots
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slimesling.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimesling
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.throwball.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowball
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tool Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tough Binding
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wide Guard
fe.protection.inventory.teslacorelib.base_addon.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Base Addon
fe.protection.inventory.teslacorelib.energy_tier1.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade I
fe.protection.inventory.teslacorelib.energy_tier2.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade II
fe.protection.inventory.teslacorelib.speed_tier1.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade I
fe.protection.inventory.teslacorelib.speed_tier2.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade II
fe.protection.inventory.teslacorelib.wrench.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tesla Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.testdummy.dummy.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Training Dummy
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcomp.sealconnector.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem Seal Connector
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.alumentum.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumentum
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.amber.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Amber
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.amulet_vis.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Stone
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.bath_salts.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.baubles.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.bottle_taint.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle of Taint
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.brain.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Brain
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.caster_basic.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.causality_collapser.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Causality Collapser
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.celestial_notes.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Notes
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.charm_undying.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Undying
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.chunk.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.cloth_boots.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.cloth_chest.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.cloth_legs.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.cloud_ring.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloudstepper Ring
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.cluster.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Iron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.creative_flux_sponge.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Sponge
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_blade.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Blade
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_boots.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_chest.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_helm.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_legs.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_chest.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_helm.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_legs.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_chest.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_helm.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_legs.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crystal_essence.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY %s Vis Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.curio.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Curiosity
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.curiosity_band.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Headband of Curiosity
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.elemental_axe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.elemental_hoe.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.elemental_pick.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.elemental_shovel.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.elemental_sword.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.enchanted_placeholder.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Any enchanted item
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.fabric.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Fabric
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.filter.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Filter
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.focus_1.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Lesser Focus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.focus_2.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Advanced Focus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.focus_3.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Greater Focus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.focus_pouch.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Focus Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.fortress_chest.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.fortress_helm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.fortress_legs.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.goggles.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.golem.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.golem_bell.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.grapple_gun.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Grappler
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_spool.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Grappler Spool
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_tip.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Grappler Head
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.hand_mirror.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.ingot.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.jar_brace.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Lid Brace
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.label.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Label
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.loot_bag.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Treasure
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.mechanism_complex.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Complex Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.mechanism_simple.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Simple Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.mind.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Clockwork Mind
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.mirrored_glass.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirrored Glass
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.module.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vision Module
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.morphic_resonator.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Morphic Resonator
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.nugget.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.pech_wand.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pech Wand
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.phial.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Phial
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.plate.*                                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Plate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.primal_crusher.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Primal Crusher
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.primordial_pearl.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.quicksilver.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Quicksilver
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.resonator.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.salis_mundus.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Salis Mundus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.sanity_checker.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanity Checker
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.sanity_soap.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.scribing_tools.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.seal.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Seal
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.tallow.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Tallow
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_axe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_boots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_chest.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_helm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_hoe.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_legs.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_pick.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_shovel.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_sword.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumometer.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumometer
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumonomicon.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.traveller_boots.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.triple_meat_treat.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.turret.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Automated Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.verdant_charm.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Verdant Heart Charm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.vis_resonator.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Resonator
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_axe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_boots.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_chest.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_helm.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_hoe.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_legs.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_pick.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_robe_chest.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_robe_helm.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_robe_legs.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_seed.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_shovel.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_sword.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.voidseer_charm.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Voidseer's Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Greatwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.augment_builder_effect.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item..name
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.augment_builder_power.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item..name
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.augment_caster_rift_energy_storage.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Impetus Conductor
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.augment_custom.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Modular Caster Augment
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.augment_vis_battery.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Battery Augment
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.autocaster_placer.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Autocaster
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.biome_selector.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Focus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.celestial_observer_placer.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Observer
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock_key.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Runed Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.elytra_harness.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Elytra Harness
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.elytra_harness_augment.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Impetus Thruster Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.focus_ancient.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Focus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.fracture_locator.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fracture Locator
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.gauntlet.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_linker.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Impetus Resonator
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.impulse_cannon.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Impulse Cannon
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.impulse_cannon_augment.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Railgun Conversion
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.key.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Key
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.material.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Regeneration Lattice
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.morphic_tool.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Morphic Tool
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk_placer.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Eldritch Obelisk
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.primal_cutter.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Primal Cutter
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.research_notes.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tattered Scrolls
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.rift_seed.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Rift Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.seal_copier.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Seal Copier
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Robe of the Adept
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_hood.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hood of the Adept
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_leggings.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Leggings of the Adept
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.thaumostatic_harness.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.thaumostatic_harness_augment.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Gyroscope Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicaugmentation.void_boots.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.arcane_terminal.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.coalescence_core.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coalescence Core
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.diffusion_core.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diffusion Core
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.dummy_aspect.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY [ERROR] Report to mod dev
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_16k.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY 16k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_1k.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_4k.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY 4k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_64k.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY 64k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_creative.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_16k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 16k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_1k.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_4k.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY 4k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_64k.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY 64k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_export.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Essentia Export Bus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_import.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_storage.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Essentia Storage Bus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.essentia_terminal.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY ME Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicenergistics.upgrade_arcane.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Charging Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.thaumictinkerer.blood_sword.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.inventory.thaumictinkerer.connector.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Transvector Binder
fe.protection.inventory.thaumictinkerer.energetic_nitor.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energetic Nitor
fe.protection.inventory.thaumictinkerer.mob_aspect.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.thaumictinkerer:mob_aspect.name
fe.protection.inventory.thaumictinkerer.share_book.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.inventory.thaumictinkerer.soul_mould.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Soul Mould
fe.protection.inventory.thaumictinkerer.spellbinding_cloth.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.alchemist_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemist's Stone
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.alienist_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Alienist's Stone
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.bone_bow.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow of Bone
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.cinderpearl_seed.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinderpearl Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.cleansing_charm.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cleansing Charm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.disjunction_cloth.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Disjunction Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.eldritch_cluster.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Eldritch Iron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.flying_carpet.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flying Carpet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.lethe_water.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lethe Water
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.night_vision_goggles.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Night-Vision Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.panacea.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Panacea
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.primal_arrow.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.primal_destroyer.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primal Destroyer
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.primordial_grain.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Grain
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.shimmerleaf_seed.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shimmerleaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.structure_diviner.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Structure Diviner
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.timewinder.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Timewinder
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.transmuter_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Transmuter's Stone
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.vishroom_spore.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Vishroom Spore
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_chest.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_helm.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_legs.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.thaumtweaks.filler.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Filler
fe.protection.inventory.thermalcultivation.watering_can.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Watering Can (Basic)
fe.protection.inventory.thermaldynamics.cover.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Invalid Cover
fe.protection.inventory.thermaldynamics.filter.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter
fe.protection.inventory.thermaldynamics.relay.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Relay
fe.protection.inventory.thermaldynamics.retriever.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Retriever
fe.protection.inventory.thermaldynamics.servo.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Servo
fe.protection.inventory.thermalexpansion.augment.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Augment: item.invalid.name
fe.protection.inventory.thermalexpansion.capacitor.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Capacitor (Basic)
fe.protection.inventory.thermalexpansion.florb.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Florb (info.cofh.empty§r)
fe.protection.inventory.thermalexpansion.frame.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine Frame
fe.protection.inventory.thermalexpansion.morb.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Morb (info.cofh.empty§r)
fe.protection.inventory.thermalexpansion.reservoir.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Reservoir (Basic)
fe.protection.inventory.thermalexpansion.satchel.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Satchel (Basic)
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_aluminum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_bronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_constantan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_copper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_electrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_invar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_lead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_nickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_platinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_silver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_steel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_tin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_aluminum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_bronze.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_constantan.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_copper.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_electrum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_invar.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_lead.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_nickel.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_platinum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_silver.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_steel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_tin.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_aluminum.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_bronze.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_constantan.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_copper.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_electrum.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_invar.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_lead.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_nickel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_platinum.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_silver.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_steel.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_tin.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_aluminum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_bronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_constantan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_copper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_electrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_invar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_lead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_nickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_platinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_silver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_steel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_tin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.bait.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aqua-Chow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.coin.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Coin
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.diagram_redprint.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Redprint
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.dye.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Pigment
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.fertilizer.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Phyto-Gro
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.geode.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Geode
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_aluminum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_bronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_constantan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_copper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_electrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_invar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_lead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_nickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_platinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_silver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_steel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_tin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.material.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.meter.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Multimeter
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.security.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Signalum Security Lock
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tome_experience.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tome of Knowledge
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tome_lexicon.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_aluminum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_bronze.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_constantan.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_copper.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_electrum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_invar.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_lead.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_nickel.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_platinum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_silver.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_steel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_tin.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_aluminum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_bronze.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_constantan.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_copper.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_diamond.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_electrum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_gold.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_invar.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_iron.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_lead.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_nickel.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_platinum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_silver.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_steel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_stone.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_tin.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_aluminum.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_bronze.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_constantan.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_copper.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_diamond.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_electrum.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_gold.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_invar.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_iron.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_lead.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_nickel.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_platinum.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_silver.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_steel.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_stone.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_tin.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_wood.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_aluminum.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_bronze.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_constantan.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_copper.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_diamond.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_electrum.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_gold.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_invar.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_iron.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_lead.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_nickel.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_platinum.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_silver.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_steel.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_stone.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_tin.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_aluminum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_bronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_constantan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_copper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_diamond.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_electrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_gold.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_invar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_iron.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_lead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_nickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_platinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_silver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_steel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_stone.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_tin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_wood.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_aluminum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_bronze.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_constantan.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_copper.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_electrum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_invar.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_lead.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_nickel.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_platinum.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_silver.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_steel.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_tin.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_aluminum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_bronze.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_constantan.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_copper.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_electrum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_invar.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_lead.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_nickel.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_platinum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_silver.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_steel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_tin.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_aluminum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_bronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_constantan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_copper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_diamond.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_electrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_gold.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_invar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_lead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_nickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_platinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_silver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_steel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_stone.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_tin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_wood.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shears
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_aluminum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_bronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_constantan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_copper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_diamond.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_electrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_gold.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_invar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_iron.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_lead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_nickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_platinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_silver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_steel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_stone.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_tin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Shield
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_aluminum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_bronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_constantan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_copper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_electrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_invar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_lead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_nickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_platinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_silver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_steel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_tin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_aluminum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_bronze.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_constantan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_copper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_diamond.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_electrum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_gold.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_invar.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_iron.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_lead.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_nickel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_platinum.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_silver.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_steel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_stone.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_tin.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_wood.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_aluminum.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_bronze.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_constantan.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Constantan Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_copper.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_electrum.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrum Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_invar.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Invar Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_lead.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_nickel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nickel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_platinum.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Platinum Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_silver.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_steel.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_tin.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.inventory.thermalfoundation.wrench.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.thermalinnovation.drill.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluxbore (Basic)
fe.protection.inventory.thermalinnovation.injector.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hypoinfuser (Basic)
fe.protection.inventory.thermalinnovation.magnet.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluxomagnet (Basic)
fe.protection.inventory.thermalinnovation.quiver.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Alchemical Quiver (Basic)
fe.protection.inventory.thermalinnovation.saw.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluxsaw (Basic)
fe.protection.inventory.tinkersaddons.modifier_item.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Amelioration Tome
fe.protection.inventory.torchmaster.frozen_pearl.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Frozen Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.translocators.diamond_nugget.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.translocators.translocator_part.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Translocator
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.alpha_fur.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.arctic_boots.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.arctic_chestplate.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.arctic_fur.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Fur
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.arctic_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Hood
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.arctic_leggings.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.armor_shard.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Shard
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.armor_shard_cluster.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.block_and_chain.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Block and Chain
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.borer_essence.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Borer Essence
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.canopy_door.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Canopy Door
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.carminite.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Carminite
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_1.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_2.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_3.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.charm_of_life_1.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Life I
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.charm_of_life_2.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Life II
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.cooked_meef.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Meef Steak
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.cooked_venison.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Venison Steak
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.crumble_horn.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crumble Horn
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.cube_of_annihilation.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.cube_talisman.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.dark_door.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Darkwood Door
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ender_bow.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Bow
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Experiment 115
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_blood.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Blood
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_boots.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_chestplate.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Plate
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_ingot.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_leggings.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Legs
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_pickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Pick
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_sword.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_tears.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Tears
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.giant_pickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.giant_sword.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Giant's Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.glass_sword.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.hydra_chop.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydra Chop
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ice_bomb.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Bomb
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ice_bow.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Bow
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ice_sword.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_axe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_boots.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_chestplate.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_hoe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_ingot.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_leggings.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_raw.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_shovel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_sword.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_axe.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Axe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_boots.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_chestplate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Plate
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_helmet.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_ingot.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_leggings.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_pickaxe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Pick
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_ring.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_shield.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Shield
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_sword.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.lamp_of_cinders.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.lifedrain_scepter.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.liveroot.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Liveroot
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.magic_beans.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Beans
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.magic_map.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.magic_map_empty.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.magic_map_focus.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.mangrove_door.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mangrove Door
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.maze_map.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.maze_map_empty.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.maze_map_focus.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.maze_wafer.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.mazebreaker_pickaxe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mazebreaker
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.meef_stroganoff.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.mine_door.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Minewood Door
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.minotaur_axe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.minotaur_axe_gold.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.moon_dial.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Moon Dial
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.moonworm_queen.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.naga_chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.naga_leggings.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.naga_scale.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ore_magnet.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Magnet
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ore_map.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ore_map_empty.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ore_meter.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.peacock_fan.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.phantom_chestplate.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Phantom Plate
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.phantom_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Phantom Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.raven_feather.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raven Feather
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.raw_meef.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meef
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.raw_venison.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Venison
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.seeker_bow.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeker Bow
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.shield_scepter.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Scepter of Fortification
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.sort_door.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sortingwood Door
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_axe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_boots.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_chestplate.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_hoe.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_ingot.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_leggings.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_shovel.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_sword.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.time_door.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Timewood Door
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.torchberries.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Torchberries
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.tower_key.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tower Key
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.trans_door.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Transwood Door
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.transformation_powder.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Transformation Powder
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.triple_bow.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Tri-bow
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.trophy.*                                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Trophy
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.twilight_oak_door.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Twilight Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.twilight_scepter.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.yeti_boots.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.yeti_chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.yeti_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.yeti_leggings.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.zombie_scepter.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.inventory.whoosh.transporter.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Transporter (Basic)
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.er_card.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Extreme Reactor Card
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.er_kit.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Extreme Reactor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.fluid_card.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Card
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.fluid_kit.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluid Kit
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.forge_energy_card.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Forge Energy Card
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.forge_energy_kit.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Forge Energy Kit
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.ic2_energy_storage_card.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY EU Energy Card
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.ic2_energy_storage_kit.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY EU Energy Kit
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_card.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY EU Reactor Card
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_kit.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY EU Reactor Kit
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.image_card.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.worldcontrol.image_card.name
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.remote_panel.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.thermometer.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thermometer
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.time_card.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Time Card
fe.protection.inventory.worldcontrol.upgrade_cards.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Range Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.wrcbe.empty_map.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.inventory.wrcbe.map.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.inventory.wrcbe.material.*                                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.inventory.wrcbe.p_sniffer.*                                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Private Sniffer
fe.protection.inventory.wrcbe.remote.*                                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Remote
fe.protection.inventory.wrcbe.rep.*                                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY REP
fe.protection.inventory.wrcbe.sniffer.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.inventory.wrcbe.tracker.*                                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.inventory.wrcbe.triangulator.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.inventory.wrcbe.wireless_logic.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.alkahestry_tome.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alkahestry_tome.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.angelheart_vial.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.angelic_feather.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.attraction_potion.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.attraction_potion.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.bullet.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bullet_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.destruction_catalyst.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.emperor_chalice.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ender_staff.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.fertile_potion.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.fertile_potion.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.fortune_coin.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.glacial_staff.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.glowing_bread.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.glowing_water.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.gun_part.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.gun_part_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.handgun.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.handgun.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.harvest_rod.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.hero_medallion.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.holy_hand_grenade.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ice_magus_rod.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.infernal_chalice.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.infernal_claws.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.infernal_tear.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.kraken_shell.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.lantern_of_paranoia.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.magazine.*                                             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.magazine_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.magicbane.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.magicbane.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mercy_cross.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.midas_touchstone.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mob_charm.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mob_charm_-1.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mob_charm_belt.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mob_charm_belt.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mob_charm_fragment.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mob_charm_fragment_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mob_ingredient_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.phoenix_down.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.potion.*                                               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.potion_empty.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.potion_essence.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.potion_essence.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.pyromancer_staff.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rending_gale.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rod_of_lyssa.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.salamander_eye.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.serpent_staff.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.shears_of_winter.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.sojourner_staff.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.tipped_arrow.*                                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.twilight_cloak.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.void_tear.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.void_tear.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.witch_hat.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.witherless_rose.name
fe.protection.inventory.zerocore.debugtool.*                                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Tool
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.itemcardnfc.*                                     # (default: true) INVENTORY NFC Card
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.itemprivatecardnfc.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Private NFC Card
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.logo.*                                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Zetta Industries
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.mailmanupgrade.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mailman Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.smartcard.*                                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Smart Card [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.zettaindustries.smartcardterminal.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Smart Card Terminal [WIP]
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                                              # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                                       # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.additionalpipes.dog_deaggravator.*                                      # (default: true) USE Dog Deaggravator
fe.protection.use.advanced_machines.sharp_plate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sharpened Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.advanced_solar_panels.advancedsolarhelmet.*                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.advanced_solar_panels.crafting.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sunnarium
fe.protection.use.advanced_solar_panels.hybridsolarhelmet.*                               # (default: true) USE Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.advanced_solar_panels.ultimatesolarhelmet.*                             # (default: true) USE Ultimate Hybrid Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.ae2stuff.visualiser.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Network Visualisation Tool
fe.protection.use.ae2stuff.wireless_kit.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wireless Setup Kit
fe.protection.use.akashictome.tome.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Akashic Tome
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.biometric_card.*                                    # (default: true) USE Biometric Card
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_axe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_cutting_knife.*                       # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_spade.*                               # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_sword.*                               # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.certus_quartz_wrench.*                              # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.charged_staff.*                                     # (default: true) USE Charged Staff
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.color_applicator.*                                  # (default: true) USE Color Applicator - Empty
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.creative_storage_cell.*                             # (default: true) USE Creative ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.crystal_seed.*                                      # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Seed
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.dummy_fluid_item.*                                  # (default: true) USE Water
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.encoded_pattern.*                                   # (default: true) USE Encoded Pattern
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.entropy_manipulator.*                               # (default: true) USE Entropy Manipulator
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.facade.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cable Facade
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_16k.*                            # (default: true) USE §a16k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_1k.*                             # (default: true) USE §61k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_4k.*                             # (default: true) USE §e4k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.fluid_storage_cell_64k.*                            # (default: true) USE §b64k§r ME Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.material.*                                          # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Crystal
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.matter_cannon.*                                     # (default: true) USE Matter Cannon
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.memory_card.*                                       # (default: true) USE Memory Card
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_axe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Axe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_cutting_knife.*                       # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Cutting Knife
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Hoe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_spade.*                               # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_sword.*                               # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.nether_quartz_wrench.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Wrench
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.network_tool.*                                      # (default: true) USE Network Tool
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.paint_ball.*                                        # (default: true) USE Paint Ball - White
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.part.*                                              # (default: true) USE ME Glass Cable - White
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.portable_cell.*                                     # (default: true) USE Portable Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_128_cubed.*                    # (default: true) USE §d128³§r  Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_16_cubed.*                     # (default: true) USE §916³§r Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.spatial_storage_cell_2_cubed.*                      # (default: true) USE §62³§r Spatial Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_16k.*                                  # (default: true) USE §a16k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_1k.*                                   # (default: true) USE §61k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_4k.*                                   # (default: true) USE §e4k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.storage_cell_64k.*                                  # (default: true) USE §b64k§r ME Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.view_cell.*                                         # (default: true) USE View Cell
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.wireless_crafting_terminal.*                        # (default: true) USE Wireless Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.wireless_pattern_terminal.*                         # (default: true) USE Wireless Pattern Terminal
fe.protection.use.appliedenergistics2.wireless_terminal.*                                 # (default: true) USE Wireless Terminal
fe.protection.use.aroma1997sdimension.dimensionchanger.*                                  # (default: true) USE DimensionChanger
fe.protection.use.aroma1997sdimension.miningmultitool.*                                   # (default: true) USE Mining Multitool
fe.protection.use.backpack.backpack.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Small Backpack
fe.protection.use.backpack.backpack_frame.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Frame
fe.protection.use.backpack.backpack_piece.*                                               # (default: true) USE Top Backpack Piece
fe.protection.use.backpack.bound_leather.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bound Leather
fe.protection.use.backpack.stick.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Stone Stick
fe.protection.use.backpack.tanned_leather.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tanned Leather
fe.protection.use.baubles.ring.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Miner's Ring
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Atlas
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Atlas Plate
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                                               # (default: true) USE Print Press Chase
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                                           # (default: true) USE Clipboard
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lock and Key
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                                               # (default: true) USE Screw Gun
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                                             # (default: true) USE Reading Glasses
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                                             # (default: true) USE Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Big Writing Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.compass.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                                              # (default: true) USE Eternal Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                                            # (default: true) USE Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                                              # (default: true) USE Framing Board
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                                                # (default: true) USE Framing Saw
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Framing Sheet
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hand Drill
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.maptool.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Drafting Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                                            # (default: true) USE Painting Canvas
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Plumb line
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.printplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Print Press Plate
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                                                # (default: true) USE Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                                               # (default: true) USE Slotted Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                                          # (default: true) USE Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.tape.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tape Measure
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                                                # (default: true) USE ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.dustblutonium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blutonium Dust
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.dustcyanite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cyanite Dust
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.dustgraphite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Graphite Dust
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.dustludicrite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ludicrite Dust
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.duststeel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steel Dust
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.dustyellorium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.ingotblutonium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blutonium Ingot
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.ingotcyanite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cyanite Ingot
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.ingotgraphite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Graphite Bar
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.ingotludicrite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ludicrite Ingot
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.ingotsteel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.ingotyellorium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Yellorium Ingot
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.mineralanglesite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Anglesite (PbSO4)
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.mineralbenitoite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Benitoite (BaTiSi3O9)
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.reactorcasingcores.*                                        # (default: true) USE Reactor Casing Core (Legacy)
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.turbinehousingcores.*                                       # (default: true) USE Turbine Housing Core (Legacy)
fe.protection.use.bigreactors.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Extreme Wrench
fe.protection.use.binniecore.cylinder.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Empty Cylinder
fe.protection.use.binniecore.field_kit.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Field Kit
fe.protection.use.binniecore.genesis.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Genesis
fe.protection.use.binniecore.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Empty Bottle
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.ash.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Pile of Ashes
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.berries.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Berry
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.biome_essence.*                                           # (default: true) USE Biome Essence
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.biome_finder.*                                            # (default: true) USE Biome Finder
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.black_dye.*                                               # (default: true) USE Black Dye
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.blue_dye.*                                                # (default: true) USE Blue Dye
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_cherry.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cherry Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_ebony.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ebony Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_ethereal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ethereal Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_eucalyptus.*                                         # (default: true) USE Eucalyptus Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_fir.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fir Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_hellbark.*                                           # (default: true) USE Hellbark Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_jacaranda.*                                          # (default: true) USE Jacaranda Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_magic.*                                              # (default: true) USE Magic Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_mahogany.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mahogany Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_mangrove.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mangrove Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_palm.*                                               # (default: true) USE Palm Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_pine.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pine Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_redwood.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redwood Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_sacred_oak.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_umbran.*                                             # (default: true) USE Umbran Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_willow.*                                             # (default: true) USE Willow Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.brown_dye.*                                               # (default: true) USE Brown Dye
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.cherry_door.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cherry Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.crystal_shard.*                                           # (default: true) USE Celestial Crystal Shard
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.earth.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Earth
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.ebony_door.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ebony Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ethereal Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door.*                                         # (default: true) USE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.filled_honeycomb.*                                        # (default: true) USE Filled Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.fir_door.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fir Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.fleshchunk.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chunk of Flesh
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.gem.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.green_dye.*                                               # (default: true) USE Green Dye
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door.*                                           # (default: true) USE Hellbark Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.honeycomb.*                                               # (default: true) USE Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door.*                                          # (default: true) USE Jacaranda Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.jar_empty.*                                               # (default: true) USE Empty Jar
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.jar_filled.*                                              # (default: true) USE Honey Jar
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.magic_door.*                                              # (default: true) USE Magic Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mahogany Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mangrove Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mud Brick
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mudball.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mud Ball
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.palm_door.*                                               # (default: true) USE Palm Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.peach.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Peach
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.pear.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pear
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.persimmon.*                                               # (default: true) USE Persimmon
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.pine_door.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pine Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.record_wanderer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.redwood_door.*                                            # (default: true) USE Redwood Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.ricebowl.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bowl of Rice
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.shroompowder.*                                            # (default: true) USE Shroom Powder
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.terrestrial_artifact.*                                    # (default: true) USE Terrestrial Artifact
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.umbran_door.*                                             # (default: true) USE Umbran Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.white_dye.*                                               # (default: true) USE White Dye
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.willow_door.*                                             # (default: true) USE Willow Door
fe.protection.use.blockcraftery.editable_door.*                                           # (default: true) USE Framed Door
fe.protection.use.blockcraftery.editable_door_reinforced.*                                # (default: true) USE Reinforced Framed Door
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.activation_crystal.*                                         # (default: true) USE Weak Activation Crystal
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.alchemic_vial.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.bloodmagic.alchemic_vial.base.name
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.altar_maker.*                                                # (default: true) USE Altar Maker
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.arcane_ashes.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arcane Ashes
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.base_fluid_filter.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fluid Filter
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.base_item_filter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Precise Item Filter
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.blood_orb.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.bloodmagic.orb.name
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.blood_shard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Weak Blood Shard
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.bound_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bound Axe
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.bound_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bound Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.bound_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bound Shovel
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.bound_sword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bound Blade
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.component.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Water Reagent
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.cutting_fluid.*                                              # (default: true) USE Basic Cutting Fluid
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.dagger_of_sacrifice.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dagger of Sacrifice
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.demon_will_gauge.*                                           # (default: true) USE Demon Will Aura Gauge
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.experience_tome.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tome of Peritia
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.icarus_scroll.*                                              # (default: true) USE Scroll of Icarus
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.inscription_tool.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.bloodmagic.scribe.blank.name
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.item_demon_crystal.*                                         # (default: true) USE Demon Will Crystal
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.lava_crystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lava Crystal
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.living_armour_boots.*                                        # (default: true) USE Living Boots
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.living_armour_chest.*                                        # (default: true) USE Living Chestplate
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.living_armour_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) USE Living Helmet
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.living_armour_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) USE Living Leggings
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.monster_soul.*                                               # (default: true) USE Demonic Will
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.node_router.*                                                # (default: true) USE Node Router
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.pack_sacrifice.*                                             # (default: true) USE Coat of Arms
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.pack_self_sacrifice.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blood Letter's Pack
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.points_upgrade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Draft of Angelus
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.potion_flask.*                                               # (default: true) USE Potion Flask
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.ritual_dismantler.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ritual Dismantler
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.ritual_diviner.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ritual Diviner
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.ritual_reader.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ritual Tinkerer
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sacrificial_dagger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sacrificial Dagger
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sanguine_book.*                                              # (default: true) USE Inspectoris Scandalum
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_boots.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sentient Boots
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_chest.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sentient Chestplate
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_gem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sentient Armour Gem
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) USE Sentient Helmet
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sentient_armour_leggings.*                                   # (default: true) USE Sentient Leggings
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sentient_axe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sentient Axe
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sentient_bow.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sentient Bow
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sentient_pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Sentient Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sentient_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sentient Shovel
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sentient_sword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sentient Sword
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_air.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Air Sigil
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_blood_light.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Blood Lamp
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_bounce.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sigil of Elasticity
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_claw.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Claw
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_compression.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sigil of Compression
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_divination.*                                           # (default: true) USE Divination Sigil
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_elemental_affinity.*                                   # (default: true) USE Sigil of Elemental Affinity
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_ender_severance.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sigil of Ender Severance
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_fast_miner.*                                           # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Fast Miner
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_frost.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sigil of Winter's Breath
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_green_grove.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Green Grove
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_haste.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sigil of Haste
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_holding.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sigil of Holding
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_lava.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lava Sigil
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_magnetism.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sigil of Magnetism
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_phantom_bridge.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Phantom Bridge
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_seer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Seer's Sigil
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_suppression.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sigil of Suppression
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_teleposition.*                                         # (default: true) USE Teleposition Sigil
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_transposition.*                                        # (default: true) USE Transposition Sigil
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_void.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Void Sigil
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_water.*                                                # (default: true) USE Water Sigil
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.sigil_whirlwind.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sigil of the Whirlwind
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.slate.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Blank Slate
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.soul_gem.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Petty Tartaric Gem
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.soul_snare.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rudimentary Snare
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.teleposition_focus.*                                         # (default: true) USE Teleposition Focus
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.upgrade_tome.*                                               # (default: true) USE Living Armour Upgrade Tome
fe.protection.use.bloodmagic.upgrade_trainer.*                                            # (default: true) USE Living Armour Training Bracelet
fe.protection.use.botania.ancientwill.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Will of Ahrim
fe.protection.use.botania.astrolabe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Worldshaper's Astrolabe
fe.protection.use.botania.auraring.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Band of Aura
fe.protection.use.botania.auraringgreater.*                                               # (default: true) USE Greater Band of Aura
fe.protection.use.botania.autocraftinghalo.*                                              # (default: true) USE Manufactory Halo
fe.protection.use.botania.balancecloak.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cloak of Balance
fe.protection.use.botania.baublebox.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bauble Case
fe.protection.use.botania.blackholetalisman.*                                             # (default: true) USE Black Hole Talisman
fe.protection.use.botania.blacklotus.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Black Lotus
fe.protection.use.botania.bloodpendant.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tainted Blood Pendant
fe.protection.use.botania.brewflask.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Flask of Fallback (§l6§r)
fe.protection.use.botania.brewvial.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Vial of Fallback (§l4§r)
fe.protection.use.botania.cacophonium.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cacophonium
fe.protection.use.botania.clip.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Lens Clip
fe.protection.use.botania.cloudpendant.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cirrus Amulet
fe.protection.use.botania.cobblerod.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rod of the Depths
fe.protection.use.botania.corporeaspark.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Corporea Spark
fe.protection.use.botania.cosmetic.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Black Bowtie
fe.protection.use.botania.craftinghalo.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Assembly Halo
fe.protection.use.botania.craftpattern.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crafting Pattern #1: 1x1
fe.protection.use.botania.crystalbow.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crystal Bow
fe.protection.use.botania.dice.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dice of Fate
fe.protection.use.botania.dirtrod.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Rod of the Lands
fe.protection.use.botania.divacharm.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Charm of the Diva
fe.protection.use.botania.diviningrod.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Rod of the Plentiful Mantle
fe.protection.use.botania.dodgering.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ring of Dexterous Motion
fe.protection.use.botania.dye.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Floral White Powder
fe.protection.use.botania.elementiumaxe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Elementium Axe
fe.protection.use.botania.elementiumboots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Elementium Boots
fe.protection.use.botania.elementiumchest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Elementium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.botania.elementiumhelm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Elementium Helmet
fe.protection.use.botania.elementiumhelmreveal.*                                          # (default: true) USE Elementium Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.use.botania.elementiumlegs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Elementium Leggings
fe.protection.use.botania.elementiumpick.*                                                # (default: true) USE Elementium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.botania.elementiumshears.*                                              # (default: true) USE Elementium Shears
fe.protection.use.botania.elementiumshovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Elementium Shovel
fe.protection.use.botania.elementiumsword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Elementium Sword
fe.protection.use.botania.enderdagger.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Soulscribe
fe.protection.use.botania.enderhand.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hand of Ender
fe.protection.use.botania.exchangerod.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Rod of the Shifting Crust
fe.protection.use.botania.fertilizer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Floral Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.botania.firerod.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Rod of the Hells
fe.protection.use.botania.flighttiara.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Flügel Tiara
fe.protection.use.botania.flowerbag.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Flower Pouch
fe.protection.use.botania.flugeleye.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Eye of the Flügel
fe.protection.use.botania.gaiahead.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Gaia Guardian's Head
fe.protection.use.botania.glasspick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vitreous Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.botania.goddesscharm.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Benevolent Goddess' Charm
fe.protection.use.botania.grasshorn.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Horn of the Wild
fe.protection.use.botania.grassseeds.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pasture Seeds
fe.protection.use.botania.gravityrod.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rod of the Shaded Mesa
fe.protection.use.botania.holycloak.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cloak of Virtue
fe.protection.use.botania.icependant.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Snowflake Pendant
fe.protection.use.botania.incensestick.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Incense Stick
fe.protection.use.botania.infinitefruit.*                                                 # (default: true) USE The Fruit of Grisaia
fe.protection.use.botania.invisibilitycloak.*                                             # (default: true) USE Invisibility Cloak
fe.protection.use.botania.itemfinder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE The Spectator
fe.protection.use.botania.keepivy.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Resolute Ivy
fe.protection.use.botania.kingkey.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Key of the King's Law
fe.protection.use.botania.knockbackbelt.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tectonic Girdle
fe.protection.use.botania.laputashard.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Shard of Laputa
fe.protection.use.botania.lavapendant.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pyroclast Pendant
fe.protection.use.botania.lens.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mana Lens
fe.protection.use.botania.lexicon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Lexica Botania
fe.protection.use.botania.livingwoodbow.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Livingwood Bow
fe.protection.use.botania.lokiring.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ring of Loki
fe.protection.use.botania.magnetring.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.use.botania.magnetringgreater.*                                             # (default: true) USE Greater Ring of Magnetization
fe.protection.use.botania.manabottle.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mana in a Bottle
fe.protection.use.botania.manacookie.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Biscuit of Totality
fe.protection.use.botania.managun.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Mana Blaster
fe.protection.use.botania.manainkwell.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Botanurgist's Inkwell
fe.protection.use.botania.manamirror.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mana Mirror
fe.protection.use.botania.manaresource.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Manasteel Ingot
fe.protection.use.botania.manaring.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Band of Mana
fe.protection.use.botania.manaringgreater.*                                               # (default: true) USE Greater Band of Mana
fe.protection.use.botania.manasteelaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Manasteel Axe
fe.protection.use.botania.manasteelboots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Manasteel Boots
fe.protection.use.botania.manasteelchest.*                                                # (default: true) USE Manasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.botania.manasteelhelm.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Manasteel Helmet
fe.protection.use.botania.manasteelhelmreveal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Manasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.use.botania.manasteellegs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Manasteel Leggings
fe.protection.use.botania.manasteelpick.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Manasteel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.botania.manasteelshears.*                                               # (default: true) USE Manasteel Shears
fe.protection.use.botania.manasteelshovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Manasteel Shovel
fe.protection.use.botania.manasteelsword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Manasteel Sword
fe.protection.use.botania.manatablet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mana Tablet
fe.protection.use.botania.manaweaveboots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Manaweave Boots
fe.protection.use.botania.manaweavechest.*                                                # (default: true) USE Manaweave Robe Top
fe.protection.use.botania.manaweavehelm.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Manaweave Cowl
fe.protection.use.botania.manaweavelegs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Manaweave Robe Bottom
fe.protection.use.botania.miningring.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ring of the Mantle
fe.protection.use.botania.missilerod.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rod of the Unstable Reservoir
fe.protection.use.botania.monocle.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Manaseer Monocle
fe.protection.use.botania.obediencestick.*                                                # (default: true) USE Floral Obedience Stick
fe.protection.use.botania.odinring.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ring of Odin
fe.protection.use.botania.openbucket.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Extrapolated Bucket
fe.protection.use.botania.overgrowthseed.*                                                # (default: true) USE Overgrowth Seed
fe.protection.use.botania.pestleandmortar.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pestle and Mortar
fe.protection.use.botania.petal.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Mystical White Petal
fe.protection.use.botania.phantomink.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Phantom Ink
fe.protection.use.botania.pinkinator.*                                                    # (default: true) USE The Pinkinator
fe.protection.use.botania.pixiering.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Great Fairy Ring
fe.protection.use.botania.poolminecart.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Minecart with Mana Pool
fe.protection.use.botania.quartz.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.use.botania.rainbowrod.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rod of the Bifrost
fe.protection.use.botania.reachring.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ring of Far Reach
fe.protection.use.botania.recordgaia1.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.use.botania.recordgaia2.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Scathed Music Disc
fe.protection.use.botania.rune.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Rune of Water
fe.protection.use.botania.sextant.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Worldshaper's Sextant
fe.protection.use.botania.skydirtrod.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rod of the Highlands
fe.protection.use.botania.slimebottle.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Slime in a Bottle
fe.protection.use.botania.slingshot.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Livingwood Slingshot
fe.protection.use.botania.smeltrod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rod of the Molten Core
fe.protection.use.botania.spark.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Spark
fe.protection.use.botania.sparkupgrade.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spark Augment: Dispersive
fe.protection.use.botania.spawnermover.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Life Aggregator
fe.protection.use.botania.speedupbelt.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Planestrider's Sash
fe.protection.use.botania.spellcloth.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.use.botania.starsword.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Starcaller
fe.protection.use.botania.supercloudpendant.*                                             # (default: true) USE Nimbus Amulet
fe.protection.use.botania.superlavapendant.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crimson Pendant
fe.protection.use.botania.supertravelbelt.*                                               # (default: true) USE Globetrotter's Sash
fe.protection.use.botania.swapring.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ring of Correction
fe.protection.use.botania.temperancestone.*                                               # (default: true) USE Stone of Temperance
fe.protection.use.botania.terraaxe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Terra Truncator
fe.protection.use.botania.terraformrod.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Rod of the Terra Firma
fe.protection.use.botania.terrapick.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Terra Shatterer
fe.protection.use.botania.terrasteelboots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Boots
fe.protection.use.botania.terrasteelchest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.botania.terrasteelhelm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Helmet
fe.protection.use.botania.terrasteelhelmreveal.*                                          # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Helmet of Revealing
fe.protection.use.botania.terrasteellegs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Leggings
fe.protection.use.botania.terrasword.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Terra Blade
fe.protection.use.botania.thirdeye.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Third Eye
fe.protection.use.botania.thornchakram.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thorn Chakram
fe.protection.use.botania.thorring.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Ring of Thor
fe.protection.use.botania.thundersword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Thundercaller
fe.protection.use.botania.tinyplanet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tiny Planet
fe.protection.use.botania.tornadorod.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Rod of the Skies
fe.protection.use.botania.travelbelt.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Soujourner's Sash
fe.protection.use.botania.twigwand.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wand of the Forest
fe.protection.use.botania.unholycloak.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Cloak of Sin
fe.protection.use.botania.vial.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Managlass Vial
fe.protection.use.botania.vineball.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Vine Ball
fe.protection.use.botania.virus.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Necrodermal Virus
fe.protection.use.botania.waterbowl.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bowl of Water
fe.protection.use.botania.waterring.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ring of Chordata
fe.protection.use.botania.waterrod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rod of the Seas
fe.protection.use.botania.worldseed.*                                                     # (default: true) USE World Seed
fe.protection.use.botany.botanist_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Botanist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.botany.clay.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Aquamarine Clay
fe.protection.use.botany.database.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Botanist Database
fe.protection.use.botany.insulated_tube.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Clay Insulated Electron Tube
fe.protection.use.botany.itemflower.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.use.botany.misc.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Ash Powder
fe.protection.use.botany.misc_ceramic.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mortar
fe.protection.use.botany.pigment.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Aquamarine Pigment
fe.protection.use.botany.pollen.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.use.botany.seed.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Corrupted Flower
fe.protection.use.botany.soil_meter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soil Meter
fe.protection.use.botany.trowel_diamond.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Trowel
fe.protection.use.botany.trowel_gold.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Gold Trowel
fe.protection.use.botany.trowel_iron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Trowel
fe.protection.use.botany.trowel_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Trowel
fe.protection.use.botany.trowel_wood.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wooden Trowel
fe.protection.use.buildcraftbuilders.filler_planner.*                                     # (default: true) USE item.buildcraft.filler_planner.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftbuilders.schematic_single.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.schematicSingle.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftbuilders.snapshot.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.templateItem.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.fragile_fluid_shard.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.fragile_fluid_shard.name [ERROR! NULL FLUID!]
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.gear_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.diamondGearItem.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.gear_gold.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.goldGearItem.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.gear_iron.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.ironGearItem.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.gear_stone.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.stoneGearItem.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.gear_wood.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.woodenGearItem.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.list.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.list.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.map_location.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.mapLocation.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.marker_connector.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.markerConnector.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.paintbrush.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.paintbrush.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.volume_box.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.volume_box.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftcore.wrench.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.wrenchItem.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftenergy.glob_of_oil.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.globOil.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftfactory.gel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.gel.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftfactory.water_gel_spawn.*                                     # (default: true) USE item.waterGel.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftlib.debugger.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.debugger.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftlib.guide.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.buildcraft.guide.name§r
fe.protection.use.buildcraftlib.guide_note.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.buildcraft.guide_note.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftsilicon.gate_copier.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.gateCopier.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftsilicon.plug_facade.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.Facade.name: Air
fe.protection.use.buildcraftsilicon.plug_gate.*                                           # (default: true) USE gate.name.basic
fe.protection.use.buildcraftsilicon.plug_lens.*                                           # (default: true) USE §0§7Black§r item.Lens.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftsilicon.plug_light_sensor.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.light_sensor.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftsilicon.plug_pulsar.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.pulsar.name
fe.protection.use.buildcraftsilicon.redstone_chipset.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.redstone_red_chipset.name
fe.protection.use.buildcrafttransport.plug_blocker.*                                      # (default: true) USE item.PipePlug.name
fe.protection.use.buildcrafttransport.plug_power_adaptor.*                                # (default: true) USE item.PipePowerAdapter.name
fe.protection.use.buildcrafttransport.waterproof.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.pipeWaterproof.name
fe.protection.use.buildcrafttransport.wire.*                                              # (default: true) USE §z§0§fWhite§r item.pipeWire.name
fe.protection.use.cfm.ceiling_fan_fans.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.ceiling_fan_fans.name
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_bread_slice.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bread Slice
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_cool_pack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cooling Pack
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_crayfish.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.item_crayfish.name
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_crow_bar.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crow Bar
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_cup.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Cup
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_drink.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.item_drink.name
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_envelope.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Envelope
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_envelope_signed.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.item_envelope_signed.name
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_flesh.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Flesh
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_flesh_cooked.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Flesh
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_hammer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Hammer
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_ink_cartridge.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ink Cartridge
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_kebab.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Raw Kebab
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_kebab_cooked.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Kebab
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_knife.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Knife
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_log.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Chopped Log
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_package.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Package
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_package_signed.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.item_package_signed.name
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_recipe_book.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_sausage.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sausage
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_sausage_cooked.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cooked Sausage
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_soap.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Soap
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_soap_water.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Soapy Water
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_spatula.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Spatula
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_super_soap_water.*                                             # (default: true) USE Super Soapy Water
fe.protection.use.cfm.item_toast.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Toast
fe.protection.use.cfm.tv_remote.*                                                         # (default: true) USE TV Remote
fe.protection.use.charset.barrelcart.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Barrel Cart
fe.protection.use.charset.icon.*                                                          # (default: true) USE a
fe.protection.use.charset.pockettable.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pocket Crafting Table
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                                                  # (default: true) USE iChisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_iron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.offsettool.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chiseled Bit Bag
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.bitsaw_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Bit Saw
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chiseled Bit
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                                            # (default: true) USE Golden Chisel
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Chisel
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                                           # (default: true) USE Stone Chisel
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.mirrorprint.*                                            # (default: true) USE Mirror Chisel Design
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.negativeprint.*                                          # (default: true) USE Negative Chisel Design
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.positiveprint.*                                          # (default: true) USE Positive Chisel Design
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.tape_measure.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tape Measure
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.wrench_wood.*                                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Wrench
fe.protection.use.comforts.hammock.*                                                      # (default: true) USE White Hammock Cloth
fe.protection.use.comforts.sleeping_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) USE White Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.use.compactsolars.solar_hat_high_voltage.*                                  # (default: true) USE High Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.use.compactsolars.solar_hat_low_voltage.*                                   # (default: true) USE Low Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.use.compactsolars.solar_hat_medium_voltage.*                                # (default: true) USE Medium Voltage Solar Hat
fe.protection.use.computercraft.disk.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Floppy Disk
fe.protection.use.computercraft.disk_expanded.*                                           # (default: true) USE Floppy Disk
fe.protection.use.computercraft.pocket_computer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Pocket Computer
fe.protection.use.computercraft.printout.*                                                # (default: true) USE Printed Page
fe.protection.use.computercraft.treasure_disk.*                                           # (default: true) USE Floppy Disk
fe.protection.use.computronics.forestry_parts.*                                           # (default: true) USE Caustic Comb
fe.protection.use.computronics.oc_parts.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.use.computronics.oc_special_parts.*                                         # (default: true) USE Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.use.computronics.parts.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tape Track
fe.protection.use.computronics.portable_tape_drive.*                                      # (default: true) USE Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.use.computronics.relay_sensor.*                                             # (default: true) USE Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.use.computronics.tape.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cassette Tape
fe.protection.use.conarm.armor_plate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Armor Plates
fe.protection.use.conarm.armor_trim.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Armor Trim
fe.protection.use.conarm.book.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Materials and You - Armory Addendum
fe.protection.use.conarm.boots.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Boots
fe.protection.use.conarm.boots_core.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Boots Core
fe.protection.use.conarm.chest_core.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chestplate Core
fe.protection.use.conarm.chestplate.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Chestplate
fe.protection.use.conarm.frosty_soles.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Frosty Soles
fe.protection.use.conarm.gauntlet_mat.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Gauntlet (Base)
fe.protection.use.conarm.gauntlet_mat_attack.*                                            # (default: true) USE Gauntlet of Power
fe.protection.use.conarm.gauntlet_mat_reach.*                                             # (default: true) USE Gauntlet of Far Reach
fe.protection.use.conarm.gauntlet_mat_speed.*                                             # (default: true) USE Gauntlet of Dexterity
fe.protection.use.conarm.helmet.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Helmet
fe.protection.use.conarm.helmet_core.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Helmet Core
fe.protection.use.conarm.invisible_ink.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Invisible Ink
fe.protection.use.conarm.leggings.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Leggings
fe.protection.use.conarm.leggings_core.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Leggings Core
fe.protection.use.conarm.polishing_kit.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Polishing Kit
fe.protection.use.conarm.resist_mat.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Resistance
fe.protection.use.conarm.resist_mat_blast.*                                               # (default: true) USE Blast Resistance
fe.protection.use.conarm.resist_mat_fire.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fire Resistance
fe.protection.use.conarm.resist_mat_proj.*                                                # (default: true) USE Projectile Resistance
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_belt.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Traveller's Belt (Storage)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_belt_base.*                                               # (default: true) USE Traveller's Belt (Base)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_cloak.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Traveller's Cloak (Base)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_goggles.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles (Zoom)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_goggles_base.*                                            # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles (Base)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_night.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles (Night Vision)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_potion.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Traveller's Belt (Alchemy)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_sack.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Traveller's Knapsack
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_slowfall.*                                                # (default: true) USE Traveller's Cloak (Slow Fall)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_sneak.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Traveller's Cloak (Invisibility)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_soul.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles (Soul Sight)
fe.protection.use.cookingforblockheads.heating_unit.*                                     # (default: true) USE Heating Unit
fe.protection.use.cookingforblockheads.ice_unit.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ice Unit
fe.protection.use.cookingforblockheads.preservation_chamber.*                             # (default: true) USE Preservation Chamber
fe.protection.use.cookingforblockheads.recipe_book.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cooking for Blockheads
fe.protection.use.culinaryconstruct.sandwich.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sandwich
fe.protection.use.doge.doge_axe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE many chop
fe.protection.use.doge.doge_boots.*                                                       # (default: true) USE wow shoes
fe.protection.use.doge.doge_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE much chest armor
fe.protection.use.doge.doge_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE many protect face
fe.protection.use.doge.doge_hoe.*                                                         # (default: true) USE very farm
fe.protection.use.doge.doge_launcher.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Doge Launcher
fe.protection.use.doge.doge_leggings.*                                                    # (default: true) USE very leg defend
fe.protection.use.doge.doge_pickaxe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE such mine
fe.protection.use.doge.doge_shovel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE much dig
fe.protection.use.doge.doge_sword.*                                                       # (default: true) USE wow attack
fe.protection.use.doge.dogecoin.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Dogecoin
fe.protection.use.doge.gpu.*                                                              # (default: true) USE GPU
fe.protection.use.enderio.block_dark_steel_door.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.use.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_door.*                                 # (default: true) USE Painted Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.use.enderio.block_painted_iron_door.*                                       # (default: true) USE Painted Iron Door
fe.protection.use.enderio.block_painted_wooden_door.*                                     # (default: true) USE Painted Wooden Door
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_advanced_item_filter.*                                     # (default: true) USE Advanced Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_alloy_ball.*                                               # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel Grinding Ball
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_ball.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crude Steel Grinding Ball
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_ingot.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crude Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_alloy_endergy_nugget.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crude Steel Nugget
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_alloy_ingot.*                                              # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_alloy_nugget.*                                             # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel Nugget
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_basic_capacitor.*                                          # (default: true) USE Basic Capacitor
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_basic_item_filter.*                                        # (default: true) USE Basic Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_big_advanced_item_filter.*                                 # (default: true) USE Advanced Big Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_big_item_filter.*                                          # (default: true) USE Big Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_broken_spawner.*                                           # (default: true) USE Broken Spawner
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_cold_fire_igniter.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cold Fire Igniter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_conduit_facade.*                                           # (default: true) USE Conduit Facade
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_conduit_probe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Conduit Probe
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_coord_selector.*                                           # (default: true) USE Coordinate Selector
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_axe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dark Axe
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_boots.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dark Boots
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_bow.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dark Bow
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) USE Dark Plate
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_crook.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dark Crook
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_hand.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dark Backhoe
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dark Helm
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) USE Dark Leggings
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_pickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Dark Pick
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_shears.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dark Shears
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_shield.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dark Shield
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_sword.*                                         # (default: true) USE The Ender
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_treetap.*                                       # (default: true) USE Dark Treetap
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_dark_steel_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blank Dark Steel Upgrade
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_data_conduit.*                                             # (default: true) USE Data Conduit
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_enchantment_filter_big.*                                   # (default: true) USE Big Enchantment Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_enchantment_filter_normal.*                                # (default: true) USE Enchantment Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_end_steel_axe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ender Axe
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_end_steel_boots.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ender Boots
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_end_steel_bow.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ender Bow
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_end_steel_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Ender Plate
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_end_steel_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ender Helm
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_end_steel_leggings.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ender Leggings
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_end_steel_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ender Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_end_steel_shield.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ender Shield
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_end_steel_sword.*                                          # (default: true) USE The Ender Mk2
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_ender_food.*                                               # (default: true) USE "Enderios"
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_enderface.*                                                # (default: true) USE Enderface
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_existing_item_filter.*                                     # (default: true) USE Existing Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_extract_speed_downgrade.*                                  # (default: true) USE Extract Speed Downgrade
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_extract_speed_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) USE Extract Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_fluid_filter.*                                             # (default: true) USE Basic Fluid Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_gas_conduit.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gas Conduit
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_inventory_charger.*                                        # (default: true) USE Inventory Charger
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_inventory_charger_basic.*                                  # (default: true) USE Basic Inventory Charger
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_inventory_charger_simple.*                                 # (default: true) USE Simple Inventory Charger
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_inventory_charger_vibrant.*                                # (default: true) USE Vibrant Inventory Charger
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_inventory_remote.*                                         # (default: true) USE Inventory Panel Remote
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_item_conduit.*                                             # (default: true) USE Item Conduit
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_limited_item_filter.*                                      # (default: true) USE Limited Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_liquid_conduit.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fluid Conduit
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_location_printout.*                                        # (default: true) USE Location Printout
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_magnet.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Electromagnet
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_material.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Simple Machine Chassis
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_me_conduit.*                                               # (default: true) USE ME Conduit
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_mod_item_filter.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mod Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_opencomputers_conduit.*                                    # (default: true) USE OC Conduit
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_owl_egg.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Owl Egg
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_power_conduit.*                                            # (default: true) USE Energy Conduit
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_power_item_filter.*                                        # (default: true) USE Power Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_and_filter.*                                      # (default: true) USE Redstone AND Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_conduit.*                                         # (default: true) USE Redstone Conduit
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_counting_filter.*                                 # (default: true) USE Redstone Counting Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_nand_filter.*                                     # (default: true) USE Redstone NAND Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_nor_filter.*                                      # (default: true) USE Redstone NOR Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_not_filter.*                                      # (default: true) USE Redstone NOT Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_or_filter.*                                       # (default: true) USE Redstone OR Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_sensor_filter.*                                   # (default: true) USE Redstone Sensor Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_timer_filter.*                                    # (default: true) USE Redstone Timer Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_toggle_filter.*                                   # (default: true) USE Redstone Toggle Latch Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_xnor_filter.*                                     # (default: true) USE Redstone XNOR Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_redstone_xor_filter.*                                      # (default: true) USE Redstone XOR Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_rod_of_return.*                                            # (default: true) USE Rod of Return
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_soul_filter_big.*                                          # (default: true) USE Big Soul Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_soul_filter_normal.*                                       # (default: true) USE Soul Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_soul_vial.*                                                # (default: true) USE Soul Vial
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_species_item_filter.*                                      # (default: true) USE Species Item Filter
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_staff_of_levity.*                                          # (default: true) USE Staff of Levity
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_travel_staff.*                                             # (default: true) USE Staff of Traveling
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_xp_transfer.*                                              # (default: true) USE Experience Rod
fe.protection.use.enderio.item_yeta_wrench.*                                              # (default: true) USE Yeta Wrench
fe.protection.use.enderstorage.ender_pouch.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ender Pouch
fe.protection.use.eplus.table_upgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Table Upgrade
fe.protection.use.exchangers.advanced_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Advanced Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.basic_exchanger.*                                            # (default: true) USE Basic Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.conductive_iron_exchanger.*                                  # (default: true) USE Conductive Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.creative_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Creative Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.crude_steel_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crude Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.crystalline_exchanger.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crystalline Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.dark_steel_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) USE Dark Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.diamond_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier1.*                           # (default: true) USE Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier2.*                           # (default: true) USE Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.eio_endergy_exchanger_core_tier3.*                           # (default: true) USE Ender IO Endergy Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier1.*                                   # (default: true) USE Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier2.*                                   # (default: true) USE Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.eio_exchanger_core_tier3.*                                   # (default: true) USE Ender IO Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.electrical_steel_exchanger.*                                 # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.elite_exchanger.*                                            # (default: true) USE Elite Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.emerald_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) USE Emerald Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.end_exchanger.*                                              # (default: true) USE End Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.end_steel_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) USE End Steel Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.energetic_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) USE Energetic Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.energetic_silver_exchanger.*                                 # (default: true) USE Energetic Silver Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier1.*                                       # (default: true) USE Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier2.*                                       # (default: true) USE Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.exchanger_core_tier3.*                                       # (default: true) USE Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.golden_exchanger.*                                           # (default: true) USE Golden Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.hardened_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Hardened Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.hv_exchanger.*                                               # (default: true) USE HV Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier1.*                                    # (default: true) USE Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier2.*                                    # (default: true) USE Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.ie_exchanger_core_tier3.*                                    # (default: true) USE Immersive Engineering Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.iron_exchanger.*                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.leadstone_exchanger.*                                        # (default: true) USE Leadstone Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.lv_exchanger.*                                               # (default: true) USE LV Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier1.*                              # (default: true) USE Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier2.*                              # (default: true) USE Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.mekanism_exchanger_core_tier3.*                              # (default: true) USE Mekanism Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.melodic_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) USE Melodic Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.mv_exchanger.*                                               # (default: true) USE MV Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.obsidian_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Obsidian Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.pulsating_iron_exchanger.*                                   # (default: true) USE Pulsating Iron Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.reinforced_exchanger.*                                       # (default: true) USE Reinforced Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.resonant_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Resonant Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.signalum_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Signalum Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.stellar_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) USE Stellar Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.stone_exchanger.*                                            # (default: true) USE Stone Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier1.*                                    # (default: true) USE Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier2.*                                    # (default: true) USE Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 2)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.te_exchanger_core_tier3.*                                    # (default: true) USE Thermal Expansion Exchanger Core (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.exchangers.tuberous_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tuberous Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.ultimate_exchanger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ultimate Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.vibrant_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) USE Vibrant Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.vivid_exchanger.*                                            # (default: true) USE Vivid Exchanger
fe.protection.use.exchangers.wooden_exchanger.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Exchanger
fe.protection.use.extrabees.dictionary.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Apiarist Database
fe.protection.use.extrabees.hive_frame.cage.*                                             # (default: true) USE Restraint Frame
fe.protection.use.extrabees.hive_frame.clay.*                                             # (default: true) USE Healing Frame
fe.protection.use.extrabees.hive_frame.cocoa.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chocolate Frame
fe.protection.use.extrabees.hive_frame.debug.*                                            # (default: true) USE Nova Frame
fe.protection.use.extrabees.hive_frame.soul.*                                             # (default: true) USE Soul Frame
fe.protection.use.extrabees.honey_comb.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Barren Comb
fe.protection.use.extrabees.honey_crystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Depleted Honey Crystal
fe.protection.use.extrabees.honey_drop.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Energy Drop
fe.protection.use.extrabees.misc.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Scented Gear
fe.protection.use.extrabees.propolis.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Watery Propolis
fe.protection.use.extracells.fluid.item.*                                                 # (default: true) USE null
fe.protection.use.extracells.gas.item.*                                                   # (default: true) USE null
fe.protection.use.extracells.oc.upgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE ME Upgrade (Tier 3)
fe.protection.use.extracells.part.base.*                                                  # (default: true) USE ME Fluid Export Bus
fe.protection.use.extracells.pattern.crafting.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.extracells.pattern.crafting.name
fe.protection.use.extracells.pattern.fluid.*                                              # (default: true) USE ME Fluid Pattern
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.casing.*                                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Storage Housing
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.component.*                                          # (default: true) USE 256k ME Storage Component
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.fluid.*                                              # (default: true) USE ME 1k Fluid Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.fluid.portable.*                                     # (default: true) USE ME Portable Fluid Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.gas.*                                                # (default: true) USE ME 1k Gas Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.gas.portable.*                                       # (default: true) USE ME Portable Gas Storage
fe.protection.use.extracells.storage.physical.*                                           # (default: true) USE ME 256k Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.fluid.wireless.*                                    # (default: true) USE Wireless Fluid Terminal
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.gas.wireless.*                                      # (default: true) USE Wireless Gas Terminal
fe.protection.use.extracells.terminal.universal.wireless.*                                # (default: true) USE Wireless Universal Terminal - Item
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.advanced_battery.*                                         # (default: true) USE Advanced Battery
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.anti_radiation.*                                           # (default: true) USE Anti-Rad
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.blue_diamond_axe.*                                         # (default: true) USE Blue Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.blue_diamond_boots.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blue Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.blue_diamond_chest.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blue Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.blue_diamond_helmet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blue Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.blue_diamond_hoe.*                                         # (default: true) USE Blue Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.blue_diamond_legings.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blue Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.blue_diamond_pickaxe.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blue Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.blue_diamond_shovel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blue Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.blue_diamond_sword.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blue Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.canned_food.*                                              # (default: true) USE Can of Food
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.caramel_bar.*                                              # (default: true) USE Caramel Bar
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.chocolate_bar.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.cloth.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wool Cloth
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.compressed_mercury.*                                       # (default: true) USE Compressed Mercury
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.electric_parts.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Battery
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.enviro_emergency_kit.*                                     # (default: true) USE Environment Emergency Kit
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.geiger_counter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Geiger Counter
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.gravity_controller.*                                       # (default: true) USE Gravity Controller
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.green_diamond_axe.*                                        # (default: true) USE Green Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.green_diamond_boots.*                                      # (default: true) USE Green Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.green_diamond_chest.*                                      # (default: true) USE Green Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.green_diamond_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) USE Green Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.green_diamond_hoe.*                                        # (default: true) USE Green Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.green_diamond_legings.*                                    # (default: true) USE Green Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.green_diamond_pickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) USE Green Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.green_diamond_shovel.*                                     # (default: true) USE Green Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.green_diamond_sword.*                                      # (default: true) USE Green Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.ingot_lead.*                                               # (default: true) USE Galena Ingot
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.ingot_mercury.*                                            # (default: true) USE Mercury Ingot
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.ingot_uranium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Uranium Ingot
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.iodide_salt.*                                              # (default: true) USE Iodized Salt
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.item_tier10_electric_rocket.*                              # (default: true) USE Tier 10 Electric Rocket
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.item_tier10_rocket.*                                       # (default: true) USE Tier 10 Rocket
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.item_tier4_rocket.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Rocket
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.item_tier5_rocket.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tier 5 Rocket
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.item_tier6_rocket.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tier 6 Rocket
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.item_tier7_rocket.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tier 7 Rocket
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.item_tier8_rocket.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tier 8 Rocket
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.item_tier9_rocket.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tier 9 Rocket
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.mars_rover.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mars Rover
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.massive_battery.*                                          # (default: true) USE Massive Battery
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.mercury_battery.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mercury Battery
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.module_items.*                                             # (default: true) USE No Fall Damage Module
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.nickel_battery.*                                           # (default: true) USE Nickel Battery
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier10.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tier 10 Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier4.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier5.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tier 5 Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier6.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tier 6 Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier7.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tier 7 Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier8.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tier 8 Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.nose_cone_tier9.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tier 9 Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_extremely_heavy_full.*                         # (default: true) USE Extremely Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_black.*                             # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_blue.*                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_brown.*                             # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_cyan.*                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_gray.*                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_green.*                             # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_light_blue.*                        # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_light_gray.*                        # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_lime.*                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_magenta.*                           # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_orange.*                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_pink.*                              # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_purple.*                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_white.*                             # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_heavy_full_yellow.*                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_black.*                             # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_blue.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_brown.*                             # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_cyan.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_gray.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_green.*                             # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_light_blue.*                        # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_light_gray.*                        # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_magenta.*                           # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_orange.*                            # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_pink.*                              # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_purple.*                            # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_red.*                               # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_white.*                             # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_light_full_yellow.*                            # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_black.*                               # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_blue.*                                # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_brown.*                               # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_cyan.*                                # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_gray.*                                # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_green.*                               # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_light_blue.*                          # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_light_gray.*                          # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_lime.*                                # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_magenta.*                             # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_pink.*                                # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_purple.*                              # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_red.*                                 # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_white.*                               # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_med_full_yellow.*                              # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.oxygen_tank_very_heavy_full.*                              # (default: true) USE Very Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.potash_shards.*                                            # (default: true) USE Potash Shard
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.potassium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Potassium
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.potassium_iodide.*                                         # (default: true) USE Potassium Iodide
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.purple_diamond_axe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Purple Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.purple_diamond_boots.*                                     # (default: true) USE Purple Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.purple_diamond_chest.*                                     # (default: true) USE Purple Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.purple_diamond_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) USE Purple Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.purple_diamond_hoe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Purple Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.purple_diamond_legings.*                                   # (default: true) USE Purple Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.purple_diamond_pickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Purple Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.purple_diamond_shovel.*                                    # (default: true) USE Purple Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.purple_diamond_sword.*                                     # (default: true) USE Purple Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.red_diamond_axe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Red Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.red_diamond_boots.*                                        # (default: true) USE Red Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.red_diamond_chest.*                                        # (default: true) USE Red Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.red_diamond_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) USE Red Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.red_diamond_hoe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Red Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.red_diamond_legings.*                                      # (default: true) USE Red Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.red_diamond_pickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) USE Red Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.red_diamond_shovel.*                                       # (default: true) USE Red Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.red_diamond_sword.*                                        # (default: true) USE Red Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.schematic_mars_rover.*                                     # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.schematic_tier10.*                                         # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.schematic_tier10_electric_rocket.*                         # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.schematic_tier4.*                                          # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.schematic_tier5.*                                          # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.schematic_tier6.*                                          # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.schematic_tier7.*                                          # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.schematic_tier8.*                                          # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.schematic_tier9.*                                          # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.schematic_venus_rover.*                                    # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.t10key.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tier 10 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.t4key.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.t5key.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 5 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.t6key.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 6 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.t7key.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 7 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.t8key.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 8 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.t9key.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 9 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.thermal_cloth.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Thermal Cloth
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_boots.*                                   # (default: true) USE Temporary Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_chest.*                                   # (default: true) USE Temporary Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) USE Temporary Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier0_space_suit_legings.*                                 # (default: true) USE Temporary Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier10_items.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tier 10 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier11_items.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blue Diamond
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_armor_layer.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Armour Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_kit.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Full Kit
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_pressure_layer.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_radiation_layer.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_boots.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_chest.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                           # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                           # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_space_suit_legings.*                                 # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                       # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                       # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                      # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier1_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                     # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_armor_layer.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Armour Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_kit.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Full Kit
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_pressure_layer.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_radiation_layer.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_boots.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_chest.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                           # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                           # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Space SuitJetpack  Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_space_suit_legings.*                                 # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                       # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                       # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                      # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier2_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                     # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_armor_layer.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Armour Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_kit.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Full Kit
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_pressure_layer.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_radiation_layer.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_boots.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_chest.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                           # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                           # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_space_suit_legings.*                                 # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_thermal_padding.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                       # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                       # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                      # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier3_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                     # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_armor_layer.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Armour Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_items.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_kit.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Full Kit
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_pressure_layer.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Pressure Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_radiation_layer.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Radiation Layer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_boots.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_chest.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_gravity_boots.*                           # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Space Suit Gravity Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_jetpack_chest.*                           # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Space Suit Jetpack Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_space_suit_legings.*                                 # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_thermal_padding.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_boots.*                       # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_chest.*                       # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_helmet.*                      # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier4_un_prepared_space_suit_legings.*                     # (default: true) USE Tier 4 Un-Prepared Space Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier5_items.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tier 5 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier5_kit.*                                                # (default: true) USE Tier 5 Full Kit
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier5_thermal_padding.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tier 5 Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier6_items.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tier 6 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier7_items.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tier 7 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier8_items.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tier 8 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tier9_items.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tier 9 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.tools.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Sledge Hammer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.ultimate_battery.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ultimate Battery
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.venus_rover.*                                              # (default: true) USE Venus Rover
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.wafer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Wafer
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.white_sugar_cane_item.*                                    # (default: true) USE White Sugar Cane
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_axe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Yellow Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_boots.*                                     # (default: true) USE Yellow Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_chest.*                                     # (default: true) USE Yellow Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) USE Yellow Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_hoe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Yellow Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_legings.*                                   # (default: true) USE Yellow Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_pickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Yellow Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_shovel.*                                    # (default: true) USE Yellow Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.yellow_diamond_sword.*                                     # (default: true) USE Yellow Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.extraplanets.zinc_battery.*                                             # (default: true) USE Zinc Battery
fe.protection.use.extratrees.databaselepi.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lepidopterist Database
fe.protection.use.extratrees.databasetree.*                                               # (default: true) USE Arborist Database
fe.protection.use.extratrees.drink.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Beer Mug
fe.protection.use.extratrees.durable_hammer.*                                             # (default: true) USE Master Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.use.extratrees.food.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Crabapple
fe.protection.use.extratrees.hammer.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Carpentry Hammer
fe.protection.use.extratrees.hops.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Hops
fe.protection.use.extratrees.misc.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sawdust
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.angelring.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Angel Ring
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.biomemarker.*                                               # (default: true) USE Biome Marker
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.book.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Extra Utilities 2 Manual
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.boomerang.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Magical Boomerang
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.chickenring.*                                               # (default: true) USE Chicken Wing Ring
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.compoundbow.*                                               # (default: true) USE Compound Bow
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.contract.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Contract
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.endershard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ender Shard
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.fakecopy.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.extrautils2:fakecopy.name
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.filter.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Filter
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.filterfluids.*                                              # (default: true) USE Filter Fluids
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.fireaxe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fire Axe
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.flattransfernode.*                                          # (default: true) USE Flat Transfer Node (Items)
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.glasscutter.*                                               # (default: true) USE Glass Cutter
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.goldenlasso.*                                               # (default: true) USE Golden Lasso
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.grocket.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Transfer Node (Items)
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.indexerremote.*                                             # (default: true) USE Indexer Remote
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.ingredients.*                                               # (default: true) USE Resonating Redstone Crystal
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.itembuilderswand.*                                          # (default: true) USE Builders Wand
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.itemcreativebuilderswand.*                                  # (default: true) USE Creative Builders Wand
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.itemcreativedestructionwand.*                               # (default: true) USE Creative Destruction Wand
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.itemdestructionwand.*                                       # (default: true) USE Destruction Wand
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.lawsword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Kikoku
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.luxsaber.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lux Saber
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.magicapple.*                                                # (default: true) USE Magical Apple
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.powermanager.*                                              # (default: true) USE Power Manager
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.sickle_diamond.*                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.sickle_gold.*                                               # (default: true) USE Golden Sickle
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.sickle_iron.*                                               # (default: true) USE Iron Sickle
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.sickle_stone.*                                              # (default: true) USE Stone Sickle
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.sickle_wood.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.snowglobe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Magical Snow Globe
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.suncrystal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sun Crystal
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.trowel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Trowel
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.unstableingots.*                                            # (default: true) USE Unstable Ingot
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.wateringcan.*                                               # (default: true) USE Watering Can
fe.protection.use.extrautils2.wrench.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.fairylights.garland.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Vine Garland
fe.protection.use.fairylights.hanging_lights.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hanging Lights
fe.protection.use.fairylights.ladder.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Stepladder
fe.protection.use.fairylights.letter_bunting.*                                            # (default: true) USE Letter Bunting
fe.protection.use.fairylights.light.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Black Fairy Light
fe.protection.use.fairylights.pennant.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Black Pennant
fe.protection.use.fairylights.pennant_bunting.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pennant Bunting
fe.protection.use.fairylights.tinsel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tinsel Garland
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.blood_rapier.*                                         # (default: true) USE Rapier of the Strix
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.diabolist_fork.*                                       # (default: true) USE Diabolist Fork
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.distortion_pick.*                                      # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of Distortion
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.eldritch_orb.*                                         # (default: true) USE Eldritch Blood Orb
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.gluttony_shard.*                                       # (default: true) USE Gluttony Shard
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.mob_crystal.*                                          # (default: true) USE Empty Imprinting Crystals
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.morph_axe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chameleon Axe
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.morph_pick.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chameleon Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.morph_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chameleon Shovel
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.morph_sword.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chameleon Sword
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.resourcefm.*                                           # (default: true) USE Emerald Fragment
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.resourcenethershard.*                                  # (default: true) USE Wrath Shard
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.riding_crop.*                                          # (default: true) USE Riding Crop
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.skull_axe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Axe of the Skulltaker
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.taint_charcoal.*                                       # (default: true) USE Hexcoal
fe.protection.use.forbiddenmagicre.taint_fruit.*                                          # (default: true) USE Vintenfruit
fe.protection.use.forestry.adventurer_bag.*                                               # (default: true) USE Adventuring Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.adventurer_bag_t2.*                                            # (default: true) USE Woven Adventuring Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.ambrosia.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ambrosia
fe.protection.use.forestry.apatite.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Apatite
fe.protection.use.forestry.apiarist_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.apiarist_boots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Shoes
fe.protection.use.forestry.apiarist_chest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Shirt
fe.protection.use.forestry.apiarist_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Hat
fe.protection.use.forestry.apiarist_legs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Apiarist's Pants
fe.protection.use.forestry.ash.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Ash
fe.protection.use.forestry.bee_combs.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Honey Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.bee_drone_ge.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Drone
fe.protection.use.forestry.bee_larvae_ge.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.for.bee_larvae_ge.name
fe.protection.use.forestry.bee_princess_ge.*                                              # (default: true) USE Princess
fe.protection.use.forestry.bee_queen_ge.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Queen
fe.protection.use.forestry.beeswax.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Beeswax
fe.protection.use.forestry.bituminous_peat.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bituminous Peat
fe.protection.use.forestry.book_forester.*                                                # (default: true) USE Forester's Manual
fe.protection.use.forestry.broken_bronze_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) USE Broken Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.forestry.broken_bronze_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Broken Shovel
fe.protection.use.forestry.bronze_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Survivalist's Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.forestry.bronze_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Survivalist's Shovel
fe.protection.use.forestry.builder_bag.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Building Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.builder_bag_t2.*                                               # (default: true) USE Woven Building Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.butterfly_ge.*                                                 # (default: true) USE item.for.butterfly_ge.name
fe.protection.use.forestry.can.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Can
fe.protection.use.forestry.capsule.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wax Capsule
fe.protection.use.forestry.cart.beehouse.*                                                # (default: true) USE Minecart with Bee House
fe.protection.use.forestry.carton.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Carton
fe.protection.use.forestry.catalogue.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Catalogue
fe.protection.use.forestry.caterpillar_ge.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.for.caterpillar_ge.name
fe.protection.use.forestry.chipsets.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Basic Circuit Board
fe.protection.use.forestry.cocoon_ge.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.for.cocoon_ge.name
fe.protection.use.forestry.crafting_material.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pulsating Dust
fe.protection.use.forestry.crate.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crate
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.blockcactus.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crated Cactus
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.blockprismarine.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crated Prismarine
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.blockprismarinebrick.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Prismarine Bricks
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.blockprismarinedark.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Dark Prismarine
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.cobblestone.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crated Cobblestone
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.cropcarrot.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crated Carrot
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.croppotato.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crated Potato
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.cropwheat.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crated Wheat
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.dirt.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Dirt
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.dustglowstone.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crated Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.dustredstone.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crated Redstone
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.apatite.0.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Apatite
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.ash.0.*                                        # (default: true) USE Crated Ash
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.0.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Honey Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.1.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Cocoa Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.10.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Powdery Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.14.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Wheaten Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.15.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Mossy Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.16.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Mellow Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.2.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Simmering Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.3.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Stringy Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.4.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Frozen Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.5.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Dripping Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.6.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Silky Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.7.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Parched Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bee_combs.8.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Mysterious Comb
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.beeswax.0.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Beeswax
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.bog_earth.0.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Bog Earth
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.fertilizer_compound.0.*                        # (default: true) USE Crated Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.0.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Cherry
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.1.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Walnut
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.2.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Chestnut
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.3.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Lemon
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.4.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Plum
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.5.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Date
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.fruits.6.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Papaya
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.honeydew.0.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Honeydew
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.humus.0.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Humus
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.mulch.0.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Mulch
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.peat.0.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crated Peat
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.phosphor.0.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Phosphor
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.pollen.0.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.pollen.1.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Crystalline Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.propolis.0.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Propolis
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.refractory_wax.0.*                             # (default: true) USE Crated Refractory Wax
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.forestry.royal_jelly.0.*                                # (default: true) USE Crated Royal Jelly
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.gravel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crated Gravel
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.ic2.crafting.23.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crated Scrap
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.ic2.misc_resource.3.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated UU-Matter
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.ic2.misc_resource.4.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Sticky Resin
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.ingotbronze.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crated Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.ingotcopper.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crated Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.ingotsilver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crated Silver Ingot
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.ingottin.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crated Tin Ingot
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.itemrubber.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crated Rubber
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.apple.0.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Apple
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.brick_block.0.*                               # (default: true) USE Crated Bricks
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.clay_ball.0.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Clay
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.coal.0.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Coal
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.coal.1.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Charcoal
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.cookie.0.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Cookie
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.dirt.2.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Podzol
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.dye.4.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crated Lapis Lazuli
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.0.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crated Oak Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.1.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crated Spruce Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.2.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crated Birch Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.log.3.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crated Jungle Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.log2.0.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Acacia Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.log2.1.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Dark Oak Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.mycelium.0.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Mycelium
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.nether_brick.0.*                              # (default: true) USE Crated Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.nether_wart.0.*                               # (default: true) USE Crated Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.sand.0.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Sand
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.sand.1.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Red Sand
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.sandstone.0.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Sandstone
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.0.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Oak Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.1.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Spruce Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.2.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Birch Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.3.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Jungle Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.4.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Acacia Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.sapling.5.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crated Dark Oak Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.soul_sand.0.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Soul Sand
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.minecraft.wheat_seeds.0.*                               # (default: true) USE Crated Seeds
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.0.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Raw Imphide
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.1.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Cooked Imphide
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.10.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Potash Apple
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.11.*                                     # (default: true) USE Crated Cactus Juice
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.2.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Raspberry
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.3.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Blueberry
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.4.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Blackberry
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.5.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Maloberry
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.6.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Blightberry
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.7.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Duskberry
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.8.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Skyberry
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.edibles.9.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crated Stingberry
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.materials.0.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Barley
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.materials.1.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Barley Flour
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.materials.2.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Wheat Flour
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.materials.3.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Cotton
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.materials.4.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Sulfur
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.materials.5.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Ghostwood Fletching
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.materials.6.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Imp Leather
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.materials.7.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Flamestring
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.materials.8.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crated Blue Dye
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.0.*                            # (default: true) USE Crated Green Glowshroom
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.1.*                            # (default: true) USE Crated Blue Glowshroom
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_glowshroom.2.*                            # (default: true) USE Crated Purple Glowshroom
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.0.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Ghostwood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.1.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Darkwood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs.2.*                                  # (default: true) USE Crated Fusewood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs2.0.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Bloodwood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_logs2.15.*                                # (default: true) USE Crated Bloodwood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.0.*                               # (default: true) USE Crated Ghostwood Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.1.*                               # (default: true) USE Crated Fusewood Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling.2.*                               # (default: true) USE Crated Darkwood Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.nether_sapling2.0.*                              # (default: true) USE Crated Bloodwood Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.0.*                               # (default: true) USE Crated Maple Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.1.*                               # (default: true) USE Crated Silverbell Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.2.*                               # (default: true) USE Crated Amaranth Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs.3.*                               # (default: true) USE Crated Tiger Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.0.*                              # (default: true) USE Crated Willow Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.1.*                              # (default: true) USE Crated Eucalyptus Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.2.*                              # (default: true) USE Crated Hopseed Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_logs2.3.*                              # (default: true) USE Crated Sakura Wood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.0.*                            # (default: true) USE Crated Maple Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.1.*                            # (default: true) USE Crated Silverbell Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.2.*                            # (default: true) USE Crated Amaranth Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling.3.*                            # (default: true) USE Crated Tigerwood Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.0.*                           # (default: true) USE Crated Willow Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.1.*                           # (default: true) USE Crated Eucalyptus Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.2.*                           # (default: true) USE Crated Hopseed Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_sapling2.3.*                           # (default: true) USE Crated Sakura Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_seeds.0.*                              # (default: true) USE Crated Barley Seeds
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.overworld_seeds.1.*                              # (default: true) USE Crated Cotton Seeds
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.0.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Redwood Bark
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.1.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Redwood
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_logs.2.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Redwood Root
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.redwood_sapling.0.*                              # (default: true) USE Crated Redwood Sapling
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.saguaro_fruit_item.0.*                           # (default: true) USE Crated Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.natura.soups.9.*                                        # (default: true) USE Crated Berry Medley
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.netherrack.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crated Netherrack
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.obsidian.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crated Obsidian
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.stone.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Crated Stone
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.stoneandesite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crated Andesite
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.stonediorite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crated Diorite
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.stonegranite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crated Granite
fe.protection.use.forestry.crated.sugarcane.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crated Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.forestry.decaying_wheat.*                                               # (default: true) USE Decaying Wheat
fe.protection.use.forestry.digger_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Digging Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.digger_bag_t2.*                                                # (default: true) USE Woven Digging Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.fertilizer_bio.*                                               # (default: true) USE Compost
fe.protection.use.forestry.fertilizer_compound.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.forestry.flexible_casing.*                                              # (default: true) USE Flexible Casing
fe.protection.use.forestry.forester_bag.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Foresting Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.forester_bag_t2.*                                              # (default: true) USE Woven Foresting Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.frame_impregnated.*                                            # (default: true) USE Impregnated Frame
fe.protection.use.forestry.frame_proven.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Proven Frame
fe.protection.use.forestry.frame_untreated.*                                              # (default: true) USE Untreated Frame
fe.protection.use.forestry.fruits.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cherry
fe.protection.use.forestry.gear_bronze.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Gear
fe.protection.use.forestry.gear_copper.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Gear
fe.protection.use.forestry.gear_tin.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Gear
fe.protection.use.forestry.grafter.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Grafter
fe.protection.use.forestry.grafter_proven.*                                               # (default: true) USE Proven Grafter
fe.protection.use.forestry.habitat_locator.*                                              # (default: true) USE Habitat Locator
fe.protection.use.forestry.habitat_screen.*                                               # (default: true) USE Habitat Screen
fe.protection.use.forestry.hardened_machine.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hardened Casing
fe.protection.use.forestry.honey_drop.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Honey Drop
fe.protection.use.forestry.honey_pot.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Honey Pot
fe.protection.use.forestry.honeydew.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Honeydew
fe.protection.use.forestry.honeyed_slice.*                                                # (default: true) USE Honeyed Slice
fe.protection.use.forestry.hunter_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hunting Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.hunter_bag_t2.*                                                # (default: true) USE Woven Hunting Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.impregnated_casing.*                                           # (default: true) USE Impregnated Casing
fe.protection.use.forestry.imprinter.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Imprinter
fe.protection.use.forestry.ingot_bronze.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.forestry.ingot_copper.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Ingot
fe.protection.use.forestry.ingot_tin.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tin Ingot
fe.protection.use.forestry.iodine_capsule.*                                               # (default: true) USE Iodine Capsule
fe.protection.use.forestry.kit_pickaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pickaxe Kit
fe.protection.use.forestry.kit_shovel.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Shovel Kit
fe.protection.use.forestry.lepidopterist_bag.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lepidopterist's Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.letters.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Letter
fe.protection.use.forestry.miner_bag.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mining Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.miner_bag_t2.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Woven Mining Backpack
fe.protection.use.forestry.mouldy_wheat.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mouldy Wheat
fe.protection.use.forestry.mulch.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Mulch
fe.protection.use.forestry.naturalist_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Spectacles
fe.protection.use.forestry.oak_stick.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Impregnated Stick
fe.protection.use.forestry.peat.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Peat
fe.protection.use.forestry.phosphor.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Phosphor
fe.protection.use.forestry.pipette.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pipette
fe.protection.use.forestry.pollen.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pollen Cluster
fe.protection.use.forestry.pollen_fertile.*                                               # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.forestry.portable_alyzer.*                                              # (default: true) USE Portable Analyzer
fe.protection.use.forestry.propolis.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Propolis
fe.protection.use.forestry.refractory.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Refractory Capsule
fe.protection.use.forestry.refractory_wax.*                                               # (default: true) USE Refractory Wax
fe.protection.use.forestry.research_note.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sengir's Notes
fe.protection.use.forestry.royal_jelly.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Royal Jelly
fe.protection.use.forestry.sapling.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Unknown
fe.protection.use.forestry.scoop.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Scoop
fe.protection.use.forestry.serum_ge.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.for.serum_ge.name
fe.protection.use.forestry.smoker.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bee Smoker
fe.protection.use.forestry.soldering_iron.*                                               # (default: true) USE Soldering Iron
fe.protection.use.forestry.stamps.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stamp (1n)
fe.protection.use.forestry.sturdy_machine.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sturdy Casing
fe.protection.use.forestry.thermionic_tubes.*                                             # (default: true) USE Copper Electron Tube
fe.protection.use.forestry.wax_cast.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wax Cast
fe.protection.use.forestry.wood_pulp.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wood Pulp
fe.protection.use.forestry.wrench.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.forge.bucketfilled.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.funkylocomotion.wrench.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.air_fan.*                                              # (default: true) USE Oxygen Fan
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.air_vent.*                                             # (default: true) USE Oxygen Vent
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.basic_item.*                                           # (default: true) USE Single Solar Module
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.battery.*                                              # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.bucket_fuel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fuel Bucket
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.buggy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Buggy
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.buggymat.*                                             # (default: true) USE Buggy Wheel
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.canister.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tin Canister
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.canvas.*                                               # (default: true) USE Canvas
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.cheese_curd.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cheese Curd
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.dungeonfinder.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dungeon Locator
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.emergency_kit.*                                        # (default: true) USE Space Emergency Kit
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.engine.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Rocket Engine
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.flag.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flag
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.food.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Can of Food
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.fuel_canister_partial.*                                # (default: true) USE Partially Filled Fuel Canister
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.heavy_plating.*                                        # (default: true) USE Heavy-Duty Plate
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.ic2compat.*                                            # (default: true) USE Aluminum Dust
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.infinite_battery.*                                     # (default: true) USE Infinite Battery
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.infinite_oxygen.*                                      # (default: true) USE Infinite Oxygen Supply
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.item_basic_moon.*                                      # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.key.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.meteor_chunk.*                                         # (default: true) USE Throwable Meteor Chunk
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.meteoric_iron_raw.*                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Meteoric Iron
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.nose_cone.*                                            # (default: true) USE Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.oil_canister_partial.*                                 # (default: true) USE Partially Filled Oil Canister
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.oxygen_concentrator.*                                  # (default: true) USE Oxygen Concentrator
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.oxygen_gear.*                                          # (default: true) USE Oxygen Gear
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.oxygen_mask.*                                          # (default: true) USE Oxygen Mask
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_heavy_full.*                               # (default: true) USE Heavy Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_light_full.*                               # (default: true) USE Light Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.oxygen_tank_med_full.*                                 # (default: true) USE Medium Oxygen Tank
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.parachute.*                                            # (default: true) USE Parachute
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.prelaunch_checklist.*                                  # (default: true) USE Pre-Launch Checklist
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.rocket_fins.*                                          # (default: true) USE Rocket Fins
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.rocket_t1.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Rocket
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.schematic.*                                            # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.sensor_glasses.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sensor Glasses
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.sensor_lens.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sensor Lens
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.standard_wrench.*                                      # (default: true) USE Standard Wrench
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.steel_axe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Axe
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.steel_boots.*                                          # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Boots
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.steel_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Chestplate
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.steel_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Helmet
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.steel_hoe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Hoe
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.steel_leggings.*                                       # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Leggings
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.steel_pickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.steel_pole.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steel Pole
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.steel_shovel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Shovel
fe.protection.use.galacticraftcore.steel_sword.*                                          # (default: true) USE Heavy Duty Sword
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.astro_miner.*                                       # (default: true) USE Astro Miner
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.atmospheric_valve.*                                 # (default: true) USE Atmospheric Valve
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.atomic_battery.*                                    # (default: true) USE Atomic Battery
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.basic_item_venus.*                                  # (default: true) USE Shield Controller
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.bucket_sludge.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bacterial Sludge Bucket
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.bucket_sulphuric_acid.*                             # (default: true) USE Sulfuric Acid Bucket
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.canister_partial_ln2.*                              # (default: true) USE Canister of Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.canister_partial_lox.*                              # (default: true) USE Canister of Liquid Oxygen
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.carbon_fragments.*                                  # (default: true) USE Fragmented Carbon
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.desh_axe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Desh Axe
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.desh_boots.*                                        # (default: true) USE Desh Boots
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.desh_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) USE Desh Chestplate
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.desh_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) USE Desh Helmet
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.desh_hoe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Desh Hoe
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.desh_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) USE Desh Leggings
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.desh_pick.*                                         # (default: true) USE Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.desh_pick_slime.*                                   # (default: true) USE Sticky Desh Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.desh_spade.*                                        # (default: true) USE Desh Shovel
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.desh_sword.*                                        # (default: true) USE Desh Sword
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.grapple.*                                           # (default: true) USE Grapple
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.heavy_nose_cone.*                                   # (default: true) USE Heavy Nose Cone
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.item_basic_asteroids.*                              # (default: true) USE Titanium Ingot
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.item_basic_mars.*                                   # (default: true) USE Unrefined Desh
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.key.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.key_t3.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Dungeon Key
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.methane_canister_partial.*                          # (default: true) USE Methane Gas Canister
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.orion_drive.*                                       # (default: true) USE Orion Drive
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.rocket_t2.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tier 2 Rocket
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.rocket_t3.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tier 3 Rocket
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.schematic.*                                         # (default: true) USE NASA Workbench Schematic
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.strange_seed.*                                      # (default: true) USE Strange Seed
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.thermal_padding.*                                   # (default: true) USE Thermal Padding Helm
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.thermal_padding_t2.*                                # (default: true) USE Isothermal Helm
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.titanium_axe.*                                      # (default: true) USE Titanium Axe
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.titanium_boots.*                                    # (default: true) USE Titanium Boots
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.titanium_chestplate.*                               # (default: true) USE Titanium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.titanium_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) USE Titanium Helmet
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.titanium_hoe.*                                      # (default: true) USE Titanium Hoe
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.titanium_leggings.*                                 # (default: true) USE Titanium Leggings
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.titanium_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Titanium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.titanium_shovel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Titanium Shovel
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.titanium_sword.*                                    # (default: true) USE Titanium Sword
fe.protection.use.galacticraftplanets.volcanic_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Volcanic Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.gasconduits.item_gas_filter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Gas Filter
fe.protection.use.gbook.guidebook.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Guidebook
fe.protection.use.gendustry.apiary.upgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Production Upgrade
fe.protection.use.gendustry.bee_receptacle.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bee Receptacle
fe.protection.use.gendustry.climate_module.*                                              # (default: true) USE Climate Control Module
fe.protection.use.gendustry.eject_cover.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Item Eject Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.env_processor.*                                               # (default: true) USE Environmental Processor
fe.protection.use.gendustry.error_sensor_cover.*                                          # (default: true) USE Error Sensor Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.gene_sample.*                                                 # (default: true) USE INVALID Sample - ERROR
fe.protection.use.gendustry.gene_sample_blank.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blank Gene Sample
fe.protection.use.gendustry.gene_template.*                                               # (default: true) USE Genetic Template
fe.protection.use.gendustry.genetics_processor.*                                          # (default: true) USE Genetics Processor
fe.protection.use.gendustry.hive_spawn_debugger.*                                         # (default: true) USE Hive Spawning Debugger
fe.protection.use.gendustry.honey_comb.*                                                  # (default: true) USE invalid.name
fe.protection.use.gendustry.honey_drop.*                                                  # (default: true) USE invalid.name
fe.protection.use.gendustry.import_cover.*                                                # (default: true) USE Item Import Cover
fe.protection.use.gendustry.industrial_grafter.*                                          # (default: true) USE Industrial Grafter
fe.protection.use.gendustry.industrial_scoop.*                                            # (default: true) USE Scooporator MX200 Turbo
fe.protection.use.gendustry.labware.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Genetics Labware
fe.protection.use.gendustry.mutagen_tank.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mutagen Tank
fe.protection.use.gendustry.pollen_kit.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pollen Collection Kit
fe.protection.use.gendustry.power_module.*                                                # (default: true) USE Power Module
fe.protection.use.gendustry.upgrade_frame.*                                               # (default: true) USE Upgrade Frame
fe.protection.use.gendustry.waste.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Genetic Waste
fe.protection.use.genetics.analyst.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Analyst
fe.protection.use.genetics.geneticdatabase.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gene Database
fe.protection.use.genetics.master_registry.*                                              # (default: true) USE Master Registry
fe.protection.use.genetics.misc.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Reinforced Casing
fe.protection.use.genetics.punnett_square.*                                               # (default: true) USE Punnett Square
fe.protection.use.genetics.registry.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Registry
fe.protection.use.genetics.sequence.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Corrupted Sequence
fe.protection.use.genetics.serum.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Corrupted Serum
fe.protection.use.genetics.serum_array.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Corrupted Serum Array
fe.protection.use.gravisuite.advancedchainsaw.*                                           # (default: true) USE Advanced Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.gravisuite.advanceddrill.*                                              # (default: true) USE Advanced Diamond Drill
fe.protection.use.gravisuite.advancedjetpack.*                                            # (default: true) USE Advanced Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.use.gravisuite.advancedlappack.*                                            # (default: true) USE Advanced Lappack
fe.protection.use.gravisuite.advancednanochestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Advanced NanoChestplate
fe.protection.use.gravisuite.crafting.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Superconductor Cover
fe.protection.use.gravisuite.gravichestplate.*                                            # (default: true) USE GraviChestPlate
fe.protection.use.gravisuite.gravitool.*                                                  # (default: true) USE GraviTool
fe.protection.use.gravisuite.ultimatelappack.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ultimate Lappack
fe.protection.use.gravisuite.vajra.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Vajra
fe.protection.use.growthcraft.crowbar.*                                                   # (default: true) USE White Crowbar
fe.protection.use.growthcraft.rope.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rope
fe.protection.use.growthcraft.salt.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rock Salt
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_apples.apple_door_item.*                                    # (default: true) USE Apple Door
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_apples.applecider.*                                         # (default: true) USE Apple Juice
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_coal.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bamboo Charcoal
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_door_item.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bamboo Door
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stick.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bamboo Stick
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_bees.bee.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bee
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_bees.bees_wax.*                                             # (default: true) USE White Beeswax
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_bees.bottlefluid_honey.*                                    # (default: true) USE Honey Bottle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_bees.honey_comb_empty.*                                     # (default: true) USE Empty Honey Comb
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_bees.honey_comb_filled.*                                    # (default: true) USE Full Honey Comb
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_bees.honey_jar.*                                            # (default: true) USE Honey Jar
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_bees.mead.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mead Must
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_cellar.achievement_dummy.*                                  # (default: true) USE Is Trouble Brewing?
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_cellar.barrel_tap.*                                         # (default: true) USE Barrel Tap
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_cellar.brew_kettle_lid.*                                    # (default: true) USE Brewing Kettle Lid
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_cellar.cork_bark.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cork Bark
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_cellar.yeast.*                                              # (default: true) USE Brewer's Yeast
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_grapes.grape.*                                              # (default: true) USE Purple Grapes
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_grapes.grape_seed.*                                         # (default: true) USE Purple Grape Seeds
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_grapes.grapewine.*                                          # (default: true) USE Purple Grape Juice
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_hops.hop_seeds.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hop Seeds
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_hops.hopale.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ale Wort
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_hops.hops.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hops
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_hops.lager.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lager Wort
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_butter_milk.*                              # (default: true) USE Butter Milk Bottle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_condensed_milk.*                           # (default: true) USE Condensed Milk Bottle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_cream.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cream Bottle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_milk.*                                     # (default: true) USE Milk Bottle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_milk_curds.*                               # (default: true) USE Milk Curds Bottle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_rennet.*                                   # (default: true) USE Rennet Bottle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_skim_milk.*                                # (default: true) USE Skim Milk Bottle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.bottlefluid_whey.*                                     # (default: true) USE Whey Bottle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.butter.*                                               # (default: true) USE Butter
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.cheese_aged_slice.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gorgonzola Cheese Slice
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.cheese_cloth.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cheese Cloth
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.cheese_simple_slice.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ricotta Cheese
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.cheese_waxed_slice.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cheddar Cheese Slice
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.ice_cream.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.knife.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cheese Knife
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.kumisbottle.*                                          # (default: true) USE Kumis Fermented
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.starter_culture.*                                      # (default: true) USE Starter Culture
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.stomach.*                                              # (default: true) USE Stomach
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.thistle.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thistle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.thistle_seed.*                                         # (default: true) USE Thistle
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_milk.yogurt.*                                               # (default: true) USE Yogurt
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_rice.cultivator.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cultivator
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_rice.rice.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rice
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_rice.rice_ball.*                                            # (default: true) USE Onigiri
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_rice.rice_cooked.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cooked Rice
fe.protection.use.growthcraft_rice.sakebottle.*                                           # (default: true) USE Rice Water
fe.protection.use.guideapi.bloodmagic-guide.*                                             # (default: true) USE guide.bloodmagic.display
fe.protection.use.guideapi.modularrouters-guidebook.*                                     # (default: true) USE Modular Routers Guide
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.agaveitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Agave
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.agaveseeditem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Agave Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.akutuqitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Akutuq
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.almondbutteritem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Almond Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.almonditem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Almond
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.amaranthitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Amaranth
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.amaranthseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Amaranth Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.anchovypepperonipizzaitem.*                                # (default: true) USE Anchovy Pepperoni Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.anchovyrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applecideritem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Apple Cider
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applefritteritem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Apple Fritter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejellyitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Apple Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejuiceitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Apple Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applepieitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Apple Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applesauceitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Apple Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applesmoothieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applesnowitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Apple Snow
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.appleyogurtitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Apricot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjellyitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Apricot Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.arrowrootitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Arrowroot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.arrowrootseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Arrowroot Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.artichokeitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Artichoke
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.artichokeseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Asparagus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagussoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.avocadoitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Avocado
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.babaganoushitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Baba Ganoush
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconandeggsitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bacon and Eggs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgeritem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgeritem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconpancakesitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bacon Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconwrappedchiliitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bacon Wrapped Chili
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedalaskaitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Baked Alaska
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedbeansitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Baked Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Baked Beets
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedcactusitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Baked Cactus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedhamitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Baked Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Baked Turnips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakewareitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bakeware
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baklavaitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Baklava
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bambooshootitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bambooshootseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananaitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Banana
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Banana Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.banananutbreaditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananasplititem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Banana Split
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananayogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bangersandmashitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.barleyitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Barley
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.barleyseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Barley Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bassrawitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Bass
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.battenbergitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Battenberg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.batteredsausageitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Battered Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.batteritem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Batter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bbqchickenbiscuititem.*                                    # (default: true) USE BBQ Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bbqchickenpizzaitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE BBQ Chicken Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bbqjackfruititem.*                                         # (default: true) USE BBQ Jackfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bbqplatteritem.*                                           # (default: true) USE BBQ Platter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bbqpotatochipsitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE BBQ Potato Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bbqsauceitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE BBQ Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanburritoitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bean Burrito
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beansandriceitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Beans and Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bean Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beansontoastitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Beans on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beefjerkyitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Beef Jerky
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Beef Wellington
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beeswaxitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pressed Wax
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetburgeritem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Beet Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Beet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetsaladitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Beet Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Beet Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetsoupitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Beet Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bellpepperitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bellpepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bellpepperseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bentoboxitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bento Box
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.berrymeringuenestitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Berry Meringue Nest
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.berryvinaigrettesaladitem.*                                # (default: true) USE Berry Vinaigrette Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bibimbapitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bibimbap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.biscuititem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Biscuit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.biscuitsandgravyitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Biscuits and Gravy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberrycobbleritem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blackberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackpaellaitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Black Paella
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackpepperitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Black Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blazingsoupitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Blazing Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bltitem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE BLT
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Blueberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrypieitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.boiledeggitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Boiled Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bolognaitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bologna
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bolognasandwichitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bologna Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.braisedonionsitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Braised Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bratwurstitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bratwurst
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.breadfruititem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Breadfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.breakfastburritoitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Breakfast Burrito
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.briochebunitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Brioche Bun
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccoliitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Broccoli
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccolimacitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccolindipitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccoliseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brownieitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Brownie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brusselsproutitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bubbleteaitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bubble Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bubblywateritem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bubbly Water
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bulgogiitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bulgogi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.buttercookieitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Butter Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Buttered Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.butteritem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.buttertartitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Butter Tart
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cabbageitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cabbage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cabbageseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruititem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactussoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cactus Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.calamaricookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.calamarirawitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Raw Calamari
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.californiarollitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE California Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedgingeritem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Candied Ginger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedlemonitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Candied Lemon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedpecansitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Candied Pecans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candleberryitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Candleberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candleberryseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cantaloupeitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cantaloupe
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cantonesegreensitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cantonese Greens
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cantonesenoodlesitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Cantonese Noodles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelappleitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Caramel Apple
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelcupcakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Caramel Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Caramel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carprawitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Carp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotcupcakeitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Carrot Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Carrot Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotsoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Carrot Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewbutteritem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cashew Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewchickenitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cashew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cassavaitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cassava
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cassavaseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cassava Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cassouletitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cassoulet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.catfishrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Catfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caulifloweritem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cauliflower
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Caesar Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutteritem.*                                # (default: true) USE Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Celery
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Celery Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celerysoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Celery Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cevicheitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ceviche
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chaiteaitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chai Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chaoscookieitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.charrrawitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Raw Charr
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.charsiuitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Char Siu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheddarandsourcreampotatochipsitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Cheddar and Sour Cream Potato Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseburgeritem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheesedanishitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cheese Danish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cheese
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheesesteakitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cheesesteak
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheesyshrimpquinoaitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cheesy Shrimp Quinoa
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheezepuffsitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cheeze Puffs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem.*                            # (default: true) USE Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cherry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cherry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrypieitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cherry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryslushieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cherry Slushie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrysodaitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cherry Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chestnutbutteritem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chestnutitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenandwafflesitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chicken and Waffles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenbiscuititem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenchowmeinitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chicken Chow Mein
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickencordonbleuitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chicken Cordon Bleu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickencurryitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chicken Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickendinneritem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chicken Dinner
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickengumboitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenkatsuitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chicken Katsu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenpaellaitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chicken Paella
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chicken Parmesan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickensandwichitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickpeaitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chickpeas
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickpeaseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chickpea Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chikorollitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chiko Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilichocolateitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilicupcakeitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chili Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilidogitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chili Dog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilidonutitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Chili Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chiliitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chili
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipepperitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chili Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipepperseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipoppersitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chili Poppers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chimichangaitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chimichanga
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chipsanddipitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chips and Dip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chipsandsalsaitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chips and Salsa
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatebaritem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeitem.*                                # (default: true) USE Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatecoconutbaritem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Chocolate Coconut Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatecupcakeitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Chocolate Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolateorangeitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chocolate Orange
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatepuddingitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Chocolate Pudding
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolaterollitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocovoxelsitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Choco Voxels Cereal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chorizoitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chorizo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chorusfruitsoupitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Chorus Fruit Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonbreaditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cinnamon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamontoastitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.citrussaladitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Citrus Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.clamchowderitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Clam Chowder
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.clamcookeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cooked Clam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.clamrawitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Clam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cobblestonecobbleritem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cobblestone Cobbler
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cocoapowderitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutcreamitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Coconut Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Coconut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutmilkitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Coconut Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeebeanitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Coffee Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeecupcakeitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Coffee Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Coffee Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.colasodaitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cola Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coleslawburgeritem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coleslawitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Coleslaw
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedgrubitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cooked Grub
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofabbititem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofabbit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofaconitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofeakitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofeak
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofeegitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofeeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofenisonitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofenison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofickenitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Toficken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofishitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofuduckitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofuduck
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofurkeyitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofurkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofuttonitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofutton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookiesandmilkitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cookies and Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornbreaditem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cornbread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornchipsitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Corn Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.corndogitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Corn Dog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornedbeefbreakfastitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Corned Beef Breakfast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornedbeefhashitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Corned Beef Hash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornedbeefitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Corned Beef
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornflakesitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cornflakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornishpastyitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Corn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornmealitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cornmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornonthecobitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Corn Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottagepieitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cottage Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottoncandyitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cotton Candy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottonitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cotton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottonseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cotton Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crabcookeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cooked Crab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crabkimbapitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crab Kimbap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crabrawitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Crab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crackeritem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cracker
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crackersandcheeseitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Crackers and Cheese
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crackersitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crackers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cracklinsitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cracklins
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrybaritem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Cranberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crawfishetoufeeitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crawfish Etoufee
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crayfishcookeditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crayfishrawitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crayfishsaladitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Crayfish Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamcookieitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cream Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamedcornitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Creamed Corn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creepercookieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Creeper Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creeperwingsitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Creeper Wings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crispyricepuffbarsitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Crispy Rice Puff Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crispyricepuffcerealitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Crispy Rice Puff Cereal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.croissantitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Croissant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumberitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cucumber
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumbersandwichitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Cucumber Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumberseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Curry Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryleafitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Curry Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryleafseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.currypowderitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Curry Powder
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.custarditem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Custard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cuttingboarditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cutting Board
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.damperitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Damper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dandelionsaladitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Dandelion Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dandelionteaitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dandelion Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dangoitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dango
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dateitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Date
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.datenutbreaditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.delightedmealitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Delighted Meal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgeritem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.deluxenachoesitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Deluxe Nachos
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.deviledeggitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Deviled Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dhalitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dhal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dimsumitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dim Sum
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.donutitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.doughitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dough
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dragonfruititem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.driedsoupitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Dried Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.duckcookeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cooked Duck
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.duckrawitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Duck
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.durianitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Durian
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.durianmilkshakeitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Durian Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.durianmuffinitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Durian Muffin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.earlgreyteaitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tea, Earl Grey, Hot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ediblerootitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Edible Root
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eelrawitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Eel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggnogitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Egg Nog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantparmitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggrollitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Egg Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggsaladitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Egg Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggsbenedictitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Eggs Benedict
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggtartitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Egg Tart
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.elderberryitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Elderberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.elderberryseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Elderberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.enchiladaitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Enchilada
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.energydrinkitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Energy Drink
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.epicbaconitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Epic Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.epicbltitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Epic BLT
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.escargotitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Escargot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.espressoitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Espresso
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.etonmessitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Eton Mess
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.extremechiliitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Extreme Chili
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fairybreaditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fairy Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.festivalbreaditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Festival Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fiestacornsaladitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Fiesta Corn Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figbaritem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fig Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figitem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fig
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjellyitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Fig Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjuiceitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Fig Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figsmoothieitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figyogurtitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.firmtofuitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Firm Tofu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishandchipsitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fish and Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishdinneritem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fish Dinner
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishsandwichitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishsticksitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fish Sticks
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishtacoitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Fish Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaititem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fivespiceitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Five Spice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.flaxitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flax
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.flaxseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Flax Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.flouritem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Flour
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.footlongitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Footlong
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fortunecookieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Fortune Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frenchtoastitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE French Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.freshmilkitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fresh Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.freshwateritem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fresh Water
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedbolognasandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Fried Bologna Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedchickenitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fried Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedeggitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Fried Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedfeastitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fried Feast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedgreentomatoesitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Fried Green Tomatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedonionsitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fried Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedriceitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fried Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friesitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fries
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frogcookeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.froglegstirfryitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Frog Leg Stirfry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frograwitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Frog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frosteddonutitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Frosted Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitbaititem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fruit Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitcakeitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fruit Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitcreamfestivalbreaditem.*                              # (default: true) USE Fruit Cream Festival Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitpunchitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fruit Punch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitsaladitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fruit Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.futomakiitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Futo Maki
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garammasalaitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Garam Masala
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gardensoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Garden Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicbreaditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Garlic Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicchickenitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garliccoinitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Garlic Coin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Garlic
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Garlic Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicsteakitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Garlic Steak
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gherkinitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gherkin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gigapickleitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Giga Pickle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gigapickleseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Giga Pickle Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerbreaditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ginger Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerchickenitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingeritem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ginger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ginger Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingersnapsitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingersodaitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ginger Ale
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.glisteningsaladitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Glistening Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Gooseberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gourmetbeefburgeritem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gourmet Beef Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gourmetbeefpattyitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Gourmet Beef Patty
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gourmetmuttonburgeritem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Gourmet Mutton Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gourmetmuttonpattyitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Gourmet Mutton Patty
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gourmetporkburgeritem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gourmet Pork Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gourmetporkpattyitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Gourmet Pork Patty
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gourmetvenisonburgeritem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Gourmet Venison Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gourmetvenisonpattyitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Gourmet Venison Patty
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grainbaititem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Grain Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruititem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Grapefruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Grape
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapejellyitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Grape Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapejuiceitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Grape Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesaladitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Grape Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeseeditem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Grape Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesodaitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Grape Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gravlaxitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Gravlax
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gravyitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Gravy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.greenbeancasseroleitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Green Bean Casserole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.greeneggsandhamitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Green Eggs and Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.greengrapeitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Green Grape
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.greengrapeseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Green Grape Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.greenheartfishitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.greenteaitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Green Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledcheesevegemitetoastitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Grilled Cheese Vegemite Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledskewersitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gritsitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Grits
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groiledcheesesandwichitem.*                                # (default: true) USE Groiled Cheese Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundbeefitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ground Beef
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundchickenitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ground Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundduckitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ground Duck
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundfishitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ground Fish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundmuttonitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ground Mutton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundnutmegitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundporkitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ground Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundrabbititem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ground Rabbit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundturkeyitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ground Turkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundvenisonitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ground Venison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grouperrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Grouper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grubitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bee Grub
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.guacamoleitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Guacamole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.guavaitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Guava
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.guisoitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Guiso
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gumboitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Gumbo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gummybearsitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Gummy Bears
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gyudonitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Gyudon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.haggisitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Haggis
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hamandcheesesandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Ham and Cheese Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hamandpineapplepizzaitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Ham and Pineapple Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hamburgeritem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hamburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatheritem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hashitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hazelnutitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hazelnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.heavycreamitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Heavy Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.herringrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Herring
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hoisinsauceitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Hoisin Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.homestylelunchitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Homestyle Lunch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeybreaditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Honey Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeybunitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Honeybun
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebaritem.*                                # (default: true) USE Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeycombitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeyglazedcarrotsitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Honey Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeyglazedhamitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Honey Glazed Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeyitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Honey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeysandwichitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeysoyribsitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Honey Soy Ribs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotandsoursoupitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Hot and Sour Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotchocolateitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotcocoaitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hot Cocoa
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotdishcasseroleitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Hot Dish Casserole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotdogitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Hotdog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotsauceitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hot Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotwingsitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hot Wings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.huckleberryitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Huckleberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.huckleberryseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Huckleberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hummusitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Hummus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Hushpuppies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.icecreamitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.imagawayakiitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Imagawayaki
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.imitationcrabsticksitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Imitation Crab Sticks
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ironbrewitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Brew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jackfruititem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Jackfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jaffaitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Jaffa
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jambalayaitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Jambalaya
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jamrollitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Jam Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jelliedeelitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Jellied Eel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellybeansitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Jellybeans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellydonutitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Jelly Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jicamaitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Jicama
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jicamaseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Jicama Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.juiceritem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Juicer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.juniperberryitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Juniperberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.juniperberryseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Juniperberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.juteitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Jute
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.juteseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Jute Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kalechipsitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Kale Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kaleitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Kale
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kaleseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Kale Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kenafitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Kenaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kenafseeditem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Kenaf Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ketchupitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ketchup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.keylimepieitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Keylime Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kimchiitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Kimchi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Kiwi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijellyitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kohlrabiitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Kohlrabi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kohlrabiseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Kohlrabi Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kohlundpinkelitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Kohl und Pinkel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.koreandinneritem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Korean Dinner
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kungpaochickenitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Kung Pao Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambkebabitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lasagnaitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lasagna
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreaditem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Leek
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Leek Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonaideitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lemonade
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonbaritem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Lemon Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonchickenitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemoncupcakeitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lemon Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemondrizzlecakeitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Lemon Drizzle Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lemon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonjellyitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lemon Meringue
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lentilitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lentils
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lentilseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lentil Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lettuceitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Lettuce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lettuceseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limeitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lime
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejellyitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lime Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejuiceitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lime Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limesmoothieitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limeyogurtitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.liverandonionsitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Liver and Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lycheeitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lychee
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lycheeteaitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lychee Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangochutneyitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mango Chutney
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangoitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mango
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojellyitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mango Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojuiceitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mango Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.manjuuitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Manj?
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesausageitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Maple Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyrupitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marshmellowchicksitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Marshmellow Chicks
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marshmellowsitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Marshmallows
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marzipanitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Marzipan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoeschickenbiscuititem.*                         # (default: true) USE Mashed Potatoes and Chicken Biscuit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mayoitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Mayo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mcpamitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE McPam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatloafitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Meatloaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatloafsandwichitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Meatloaf Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatpieitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Meat Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatystewitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Meaty Stew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatystirfryitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Meaty Stirfry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meesuaitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mee Sua
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonjuiceitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Melon Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonyogurtitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meringuebombeitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Meringue Bombe
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meringuebrownieitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Meringue Brownie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meringuecookieitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Meringue Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meringueitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Meringue
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meringuerouladeitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Meringue Roulade
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.merveilleuxitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Merveilleux
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mettbrotchenitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mettbrötchen
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.milletitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Millet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.milletseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Millet Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mincepieitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Mince Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.minerstewitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Miner's Stew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicecreamitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mintcupcakeitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mint Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.misopasteitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Miso Paste
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.misosoupitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Miso Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mixedsaladitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mixed Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mixingbowlitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mobsoupitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mob Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mochicakeitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Mochi Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mochidessertitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mochi Dessert
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mochiitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Mochi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.monsterfrieddumplingsitem.*                                # (default: true) USE Monster Fried Dumplings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.montecristosandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Monte Cristo Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mozzerellasticksitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Mozzerella Sticks
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mudfishrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mulberryitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Mulberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mulberryseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mulberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.museliitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Muesli
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mushroomketchupitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Mushroom Ketchup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mushroomketchupomeletitem.*                                # (default: true) USE Mushroom Ketchup Omelet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mushroomlasagnaitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Mushroom Lasagna
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mushroomsteakitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mushroom Steak
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.musselcookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cooked Mussel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.musselrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Mussel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustarditem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mustard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustardseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mustard Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustardseedsitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.musubiitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Musubi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.naanitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Naan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nachoesitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Nachos
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.netherstartoastitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Nether Star on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.netherwingsitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Nether Wings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.noodlesitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Noodles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nopalessaladitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Nopales Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nutellaitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Nutella
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nutmegitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Nutmeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oatsitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Oats
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oatsseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Oats Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.octopuscookeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.octopusrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Octopus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okrachipsitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Okra Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okracreoleitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Okra Creole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okraitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Okra
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okraseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Okra Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oliveitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Olive
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oliveoilitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cooking Oil
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.omeletitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Omelet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.omuriceitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Omurice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onigiriitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Onigiri
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionhamburgeritem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Onion
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionseeditem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Onion Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionsoupitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Onion Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangechickenitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Orange Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangeduckitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Orange Duck
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangeitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Orange
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Orange Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Orange Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangesodaitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Orange Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcaulifloweritem.*                               # (default: true) USE Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oystercookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cooked Oyster
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oysterrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Oyster
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oystersauceitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Oyster Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.padthaiitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pad Thai
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pambitsboxitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pam Bits Box
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pancakesitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.paneeritem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Paneer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayaitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Papaya
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajuiceitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Papaya Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayayogurtitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.paradiseburgeritem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Paradise Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.parsnipitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Parsnip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.parsnipseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.passionfruititem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Passion Fruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pastagardeniaitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pasta Gardenia
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pastaitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pasta
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.patreonpieitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Patreon Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pawpawitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pawpaw
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pbandjitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE PB&J
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachcobbleritem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Peach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjellyitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Peach Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjuiceitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Peach Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachyogurtitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbutterbananasandwichitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercupcakeitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercupitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter Cup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbutteritem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Peanut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Peanut Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutsoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Peanut Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pear
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjellyitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pear Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjuiceitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pear Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearyogurtitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasandceleryitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Peas and Celery
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Peas
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Peas Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pecanitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pecan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pecanpieitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pecan Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pekingduckitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Peking Duck
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pemmicanitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pemmican
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peppercornitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Peppercorn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pepperjellyandcrackersitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Pepper Jelly and Crackers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pepperjellyitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pepper Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peppermintitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Peppermint
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pepperoniitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pepperoni
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.perchrawitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Raw Perch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Persimmon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.phoitem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pho
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Pickled Beets
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pickledonionsitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pickled Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.picklesitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Pickles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pinacoladaitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pinacolada
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineapplehamitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pineapple
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pinkelitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pinkel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachiobutteritem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachioitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pistachio
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pitepaltitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pitepalt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pizzaitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pizzasliceitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pizza Slice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pizzasoupitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pizza Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plainyogurtitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Plum
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjellyitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Plum Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjuiceitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Plum Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumyogurtitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.poachedpearitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Poached Pear
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranateitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pomegranate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.popcornitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Popcorn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porklomeinitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porkrindsitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pork Rinds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porksausageitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pork Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiitem.*                                # (default: true) USE Potato and Cheese Pierogi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatocakesitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Potato Cakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatochipsitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Potato Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatoesobrienitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Potatoes O'Brien
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatosaladitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Potato Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatoskinsitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Potato Skins
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatosoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Potato Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potitem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potroastitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pot Roast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potstickersitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pot Stickers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.poutineitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Poutine
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.powdereddonutitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Powdered Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pralinesitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pralines
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreaditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinspicelatteitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Spice Latte
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.queenbeeitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Queen Bee
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.quesadillaitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Quesadilla
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.quinoaitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quinoa
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.quinoaseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Quinoa Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.radishitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Radish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.radishseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Radish Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raisincookiesitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raisinsitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raisins
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rambutanitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Rambutan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ramenitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ramen
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.randomtacoitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Random Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raspberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrymilkshakeitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Raspberry Milk Shake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrypieitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofabbititem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Raw Tofabbit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofaconitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Tofacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofeakitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Tofeak
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofeegitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Tofeeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofenisonitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Raw Tofenison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofickenitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Raw Toficken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofishitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Tofish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofuduckitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Raw Tofuduck
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofurkeyitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Raw Tofurkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofuttonitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Raw Tofutton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.redvelvetcupcakeitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Red Velvet Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.refriedbeansitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Refried Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rhubarbitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Rhubarb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rhubarbseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ricecakeitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Rice Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.riceitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ricepuddingitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Rice Pudding
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.riceseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Rice Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ricesoupitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Rice Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rivermudcakeitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE River Mud Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastchickenitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Roast Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rootbeerfloatitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Root Beer Float
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Root Beer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rosepetalteaitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Rose Petal Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rouxitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Roux
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.royaljellyitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Royal Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rutabagaitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Rutabaga
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rutabagaseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ryeitem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Rye
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ryeseeditem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Rye Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saladdressingitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Salad Dressing
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.salisburysteakitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Salisbury Steak
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.salmononigiriitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Salmon Onigiri
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Salmon Patties
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.salsaitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Salsa
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saltedcaramelitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Salted Caramel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saltitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Salt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sardinerawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Sardine
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sardinesinhotsauceitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Sardines in Hot Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saucedlambkebabitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sauced Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saucepanitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Saucepan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sauerbratenitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sauerbraten
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausagebeanmeltitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sausage Bean Melt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausageinbreaditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausageitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausagerollitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sausage Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Scallion
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Scallion Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallopcookeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scalloprawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Scallop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.schnitzelitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Schnitzel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scrambledeggitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seaweeditem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Seaweed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seaweedseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seedenergygelitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Seed Energy Gel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seedsoupitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Seed Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameballitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Sesame Ball
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameoilitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sesame Oil
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameseedsitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shepardspieitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimpcocktailitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Shrimp Cocktail
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimpcookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesitem.*                                # (default: true) USE Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimprawitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimptemperaitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Shrimp Tempura
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.silkentofuitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Silken Tofu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sisalitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sisal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sisalseeditem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sisal Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.skilletitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Skillet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.slawdogitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Slaw Dog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.slimegummiesitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Slime Gummies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.slimepieitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Slime Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.smoresitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Smores
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snailcookeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cooked Snail
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snailrawitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Raw Snail
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snapperrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Snapper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snickersbaritem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Snickers Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustarditem.*                                # (default: true) USE Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.softpretzelitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sourcreamandonionpotatochipsitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Sour Cream and Onion Potato Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soursopitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Soursop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.southernstylebreakfastitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Southern Style Breakfast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soybeanitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Soybean
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soybeanseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Soybean Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soymilkitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Soy Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soysauceitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Soy Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Spaghetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spagettiitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Spaghetti
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spaghettidinneritem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Spaghetti Dinner
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicebunitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Spice Bun
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spiceleafitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Spice Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spiceleafseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicygreensitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Spicy Greens
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spidereyepieitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Spider Eye Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Spinach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachpieitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Spinach Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachseeditem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Spinach Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.springfieldcashewchickenitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Springfield Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.springrollitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Spring Rolls
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.springsaladitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Spring Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sprinklescupcakeitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Sprinkles Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.squidinkspaghettiitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Squid Ink Spaghetti
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruititem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Starfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steakandchipsitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Steak and Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steakfajitaitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Steak Fajita
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steaktartareitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Steak Tartare
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steamedpeasitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Steamed Peas
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steamedspinachitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stockitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Stock
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrycupcakeitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Strawberry Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Strawberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrypieitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryrhubarbpieitem.*                                 # (default: true) USE Strawberry Rhubarb Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryseeditem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysouffleitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Strawberry Soufflé
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedchilipeppersitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Stuffed Chili Peppers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedduckitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Stuffed Duck
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffingitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Stuffing
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.suaderoitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Suadero
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.succotashitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Succotash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sugarcookieitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sugar Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sundayhighteaitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sunday High Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sundayroastitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sunday Roast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.supremepizzaitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.surfandturfitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Surf and Turf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sushiitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sushi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.swedishmeatballsitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Swedish Meatballs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetandsourchickenitem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Sweet and Sour Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetandsourmeatballsitem.*                                # (default: true) USE Sweet and Sour Meatballs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetandsoursauceitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Sweet and Sour Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpickleitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseeditem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetteaitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sweet Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.szechuaneggplantitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Szechuan Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tacoitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.taffyitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Taffy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.taiyakiitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Taiyaki
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.takoyakiitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Takoyaki
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tamarinditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tamarind
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.taroitem.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Taro
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.taroseeditem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Taro Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tatertotsitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tater Tots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.teaitem.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cup of Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tealeafitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tea Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.teaseeditem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tea Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.teriyakichickenitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Teriyaki Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.thankfuldinneritem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Thankful Dinner
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.theatreboxitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Theatre Box
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.threebeansaladitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Three Bean Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tilapiarawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.timpanoitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Timpano
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.timtamitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tim Tam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tiropitaitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiropita
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toadintheholeitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsitem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastedwesternitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Toasted Western
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastitem.*                                                # (default: true) USE Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastsandwichitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatilloitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tomatillo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatilloseeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tomatillo Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatoherbchickenitem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tomato Herb Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatoitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tomato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatoseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tomato Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatosoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tomato Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tortillachipsitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tortilla Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tortillaitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tortilla
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.trailmixitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Trail Mix
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.troutrawitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Raw Trout
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunafishsandwichitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tunafish Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunaonigiriitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tuna Onigiri
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunapotatoitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tuna Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunarawitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Raw Tuna
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunasaladitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tuna Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turkeycookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turkeyrawitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Turkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turkishdelightitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Turkish Delight
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Turnip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipseeditem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Turnip Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipsoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Turnip Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turtlecookeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turtlerawitem.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Turtle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillabeanitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillaconchasbreaditem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Vanilla Conchas Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillacupcakeitem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Vanilla Cupcake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillaitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vanilla
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegemiteitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Vegemite
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapitem.*                                # (default: true) USE Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiebaititem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Veggie Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiestripsitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Veggie Strips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.venisoncookeditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cooked Venison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.venisonrawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Venison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vindalooitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Vindaloo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vinegaritem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vinegar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wafflesitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Waffles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walleyerawitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Walleye
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walnutitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Walnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreaditem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waterchestnutitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Water Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) USE Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyitem.*                                      # (default: true) USE Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waxcombitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Waxcomb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.weekendpicnicitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Weekend Picnic
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.whitemushroomitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE White Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseeditem.*                                    # (default: true) USE White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wintersquashitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Winter Squash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wintersquashseeditem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wontonsoupitem.*                                           # (default: true) USE Wonton Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wovencottonitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Woven Cotton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingitem.*                                     # (default: true) USE Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zeppoleitem.*                                              # (default: true) USE Zeppole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyitem.*                                          # (default: true) USE Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeitem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinibreaditem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesitem.*                                        # (default: true) USE Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchiniitem.*                                             # (default: true) USE Zucchini
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchiniseeditem.*                                         # (default: true) USE Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.use.ic2.advanced_batpack.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Adv.Batpack
fe.protection.use.ic2.advanced_charging_re_battery.*                                      # (default: true) USE Advanced Charging Battery
fe.protection.use.ic2.advanced_heat_exchanger.*                                           # (default: true) USE Advanced Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.ic2.advanced_heat_vent.*                                                # (default: true) USE Advanced Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.ic2.advanced_re_battery.*                                               # (default: true) USE Advanced RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.ic2.advanced_scanner.*                                                  # (default: true) USE OV Scanner
fe.protection.use.ic2.alloy_chestplate.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Composite Vest
fe.protection.use.ic2.barrel.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Empty Booze Barrel
fe.protection.use.ic2.batpack.*                                                           # (default: true) USE BatPack
fe.protection.use.ic2.block_cutting_blade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Block Cutting Blade (Iron)
fe.protection.use.ic2.boat.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Damaged Rubber Dinghy
fe.protection.use.ic2.booze_mug.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Zero
fe.protection.use.ic2.bronze_axe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.ic2.bronze_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.ic2.bronze_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.ic2.bronze_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.ic2.bronze_hoe.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.ic2.bronze_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.ic2.bronze_pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ic2.bronze_shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.ic2.bronze_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.ic2.cable.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Copper Cable
fe.protection.use.ic2.casing.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Bronze Item Casing
fe.protection.use.ic2.cell.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Empty Cell
fe.protection.use.ic2.cf_pack.*                                                           # (default: true) USE CF Backpack
fe.protection.use.ic2.chainsaw.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Chainsaw
fe.protection.use.ic2.charging_energy_crystal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Charging Energy Crystal
fe.protection.use.ic2.charging_lapotron_crystal.*                                         # (default: true) USE Charging Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.use.ic2.charging_re_battery.*                                               # (default: true) USE Charging RE Battery
fe.protection.use.ic2.coke.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Coal Coke
fe.protection.use.ic2.component_heat_exchanger.*                                          # (default: true) USE Component Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.ic2.component_heat_vent.*                                               # (default: true) USE Component Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.ic2.containment_box.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Containment Box
fe.protection.use.ic2.containment_plating.*                                               # (default: true) USE Containment Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.ic2.cover.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Pump Attachment (LV)
fe.protection.use.ic2.crafting.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Rubber
fe.protection.use.ic2.crop_res.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Coffee Beans
fe.protection.use.ic2.crop_seed_bag.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Invalid Seeds
fe.protection.use.ic2.crop_stick.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crop
fe.protection.use.ic2.cropnalyzer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Cropnalyzer
fe.protection.use.ic2.crowbar.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Attachment Remover
fe.protection.use.ic2.crushed.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.use.ic2.crystal_memory.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Crystal Memory
fe.protection.use.ic2.cutter.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cutter
fe.protection.use.ic2.debug_item.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Debug Item
fe.protection.use.ic2.depleted_isotope_fuel_rod.*                                         # (default: true) USE Depleted Isotope Cell
fe.protection.use.ic2.diamond_drill.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Drill
fe.protection.use.ic2.drill.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mining Drill
fe.protection.use.ic2.dual_mox_fuel_rod.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.ic2.dual_uranium_fuel_rod.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dual Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.ic2.dust.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Dust
fe.protection.use.ic2.dynamite.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Dynamite
fe.protection.use.ic2.dynamite_sticky.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Sticky Dynamite
fe.protection.use.ic2.electric_hoe.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Electric Hoe
fe.protection.use.ic2.electric_treetap.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Electric Treetap
fe.protection.use.ic2.electric_wrench.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Electric Wrench
fe.protection.use.ic2.energy_crystal.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Energy Crystal
fe.protection.use.ic2.energy_pack.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Energypack
fe.protection.use.ic2.filled_fuel_can.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Filled Fuel Can
fe.protection.use.ic2.filled_tin_can.*                                                    # (default: true) USE (Filled) Tin Can
fe.protection.use.ic2.fluid_cell.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Universal Fluid Cell
fe.protection.use.ic2.foam_sprayer.*                                                      # (default: true) USE CF Sprayer
fe.protection.use.ic2.forge_hammer.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Forge Hammer
fe.protection.use.ic2.frequency_transmitter.*                                             # (default: true) USE Frequency Transmitter
fe.protection.use.ic2.hazmat_chestplate.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hazmat Suit
fe.protection.use.ic2.hazmat_helmet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scuba Helmet
fe.protection.use.ic2.hazmat_leggings.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Hazmat Suit Leggings
fe.protection.use.ic2.heat_exchanger.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.ic2.heat_plating.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Heat-Capacity Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.ic2.heat_storage.*                                                      # (default: true) USE 10k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.ic2.heat_vent.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.ic2.heatpack.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Heating Cell
fe.protection.use.ic2.hex_heat_storage.*                                                  # (default: true) USE 60k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.ic2.ingot.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Mixed Metal Ingot
fe.protection.use.ic2.iodine_tablet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iodine Tablet
fe.protection.use.ic2.iridium_drill.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iridium Drill
fe.protection.use.ic2.iridium_reflector.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iridium Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.ic2.jetpack.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.ic2.jetpack_electric.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Electric Jetpack
fe.protection.use.ic2.lapotron_crystal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lapotron Crystal
fe.protection.use.ic2.lappack.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Lappack
fe.protection.use.ic2.lithium_fuel_rod.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Lithium)
fe.protection.use.ic2.lzh_condensator.*                                                   # (default: true) USE LZH-Condensator
fe.protection.use.ic2.meter.*                                                             # (default: true) USE EU-Reader
fe.protection.use.ic2.mining_laser.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Mining Laser
fe.protection.use.ic2.misc_resource.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ashes
fe.protection.use.ic2.mox_fuel_rod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.ic2.mug.*                                                               # (default: true) USE Stone Mug
fe.protection.use.ic2.nano_boots.*                                                        # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.ic2.nano_chestplate.*                                                   # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.use.ic2.nano_helmet.*                                                       # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.ic2.nano_leggings.*                                                     # (default: true) USE NanoSuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.ic2.nano_saber.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Nano Saber
fe.protection.use.ic2.neutron_reflector.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.ic2.nightvision_goggles.*                                               # (default: true) USE Nightvision Goggles
fe.protection.use.ic2.nuclear.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Enriched Uranium Nuclear Fuel
fe.protection.use.ic2.obscurator.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Obscurator
fe.protection.use.ic2.overclocked_heat_vent.*                                             # (default: true) USE Overclocked Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.ic2.painter.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Painter
fe.protection.use.ic2.pipe.*                                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Bronze Pipe
fe.protection.use.ic2.plate.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Plate
fe.protection.use.ic2.plating.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Reactor Plating
fe.protection.use.ic2.purified.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Copper Ore
fe.protection.use.ic2.quad_mox_fuel_rod.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (MOX)
fe.protection.use.ic2.quad_uranium_fuel_rod.*                                             # (default: true) USE Quad Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.ic2.quantum_boots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Boots
fe.protection.use.ic2.quantum_chestplate.*                                                # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Bodyarmor
fe.protection.use.ic2.quantum_helmet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Helmet
fe.protection.use.ic2.quantum_leggings.*                                                  # (default: true) USE QuantumSuit Leggings
fe.protection.use.ic2.re_battery.*                                                        # (default: true) USE RE-Battery
fe.protection.use.ic2.reactor_heat_exchanger.*                                            # (default: true) USE Reactor Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.use.ic2.reactor_heat_vent.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Reactor Heat Vent
fe.protection.use.ic2.remote.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Dynamite-O-Mote
fe.protection.use.ic2.rotor_bronze.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Bronze)
fe.protection.use.ic2.rotor_carbon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Carbon)
fe.protection.use.ic2.rotor_iron.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Iron)
fe.protection.use.ic2.rotor_steel.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Steel)
fe.protection.use.ic2.rotor_wood.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Kinetic Gearbox Rotor (Wood)
fe.protection.use.ic2.rsh_condensator.*                                                   # (default: true) USE RSH-Condensator
fe.protection.use.ic2.rubber_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Rubber Boots
fe.protection.use.ic2.scanner.*                                                           # (default: true) USE OD Scanner
fe.protection.use.ic2.single_use_battery.*                                                # (default: true) USE Single-Use Battery
fe.protection.use.ic2.solar_helmet.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Solar Helmet
fe.protection.use.ic2.static_boots.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Static Boots
fe.protection.use.ic2.terra_wart.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Terra Wart
fe.protection.use.ic2.tfbp.*                                                              # (default: true) USE TFBP - Empty
fe.protection.use.ic2.thick_neutron_reflector.*                                           # (default: true) USE Thick Neutron Reflector
fe.protection.use.ic2.tool_box.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tool Box
fe.protection.use.ic2.treetap.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Treetap
fe.protection.use.ic2.tri_heat_storage.*                                                  # (default: true) USE 30k Coolant Cell
fe.protection.use.ic2.upgrade.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Overclocker Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ic2.upgrade_kit.*                                                       # (default: true) USE MFSU Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.use.ic2.uranium_fuel_rod.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fuel Rod (Uranium)
fe.protection.use.ic2.weeding_trowel.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Weeding Trowel
fe.protection.use.ic2.wind_meter.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Windmeter
fe.protection.use.ic2.wrench.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.ic2.wrench_new.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Wrench (New)
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.antidote.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Antidote
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.battery.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Battery
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.bombcart.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Explosive Cart
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.circuit.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Basic Circuit
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.clump.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Clump
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.defuser.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Defuser
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.explosive_missile.*                                         # (default: true) USE Conventional Missile
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.grenade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Conventional Grenade
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.ingot.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.laserdetonator.*                                            # (default: true) USE Laser Designator
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.plate.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Plate
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.poisonpowder.*                                              # (default: true) USE Poison Powder
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.radargun.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Radar Gun
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.remotedetonator.*                                           # (default: true) USE Remote Detonator
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.rocketlauncher.*                                            # (default: true) USE Rocket Launcher
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.saltpeter.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Saltpeter
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.saltpeter_ball.*                                            # (default: true) USE Saltpeter Starter
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.signaldisrupter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Signal Disrupter
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.sulfurdust.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sulfur
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.surface_to_air_missile.*                                    # (default: true) USE Surface to Air Missile
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.tracker.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tracker
fe.protection.use.icbmclassic.wire.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Copper Wire
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.block_talisman.*                                            # (default: true) USE BlackHole Ring
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.focus_pouch.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Pouch
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichor_boots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Boots
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichor_chest.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Robe
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichor_helm.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Cowl
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichor_legs.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ichorcloth Leggings
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichorium_axe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichorium_axe_adv.*                                          # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Axe
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichorium_pick.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ichorium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichorium_pick_adv.*                                         # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Pick
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichorium_shovel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichorium_shovel_adv.*                                       # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Shovel
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichorium_sword.*                                            # (default: true) USE Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.ichorium_sword_adv.*                                        # (default: true) USE Awakened Ichorium Sword
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.kami_boots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Boots of the Horizontal Shield
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.kami_chest.*                                                # (default: true) USE Robes of the Stratosphere
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.kami_helm.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cowl of the Abyssal Depths
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.kami_legs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Leggings of the Burning Mantle
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.proto_clay.*                                                # (default: true) USE Proto Clay
fe.protection.use.ichoriumkit.resourcekami.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ender Shard
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.adult_filter.*                                      # (default: true) USE Adult Filter
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.artificial_dye.*                                    # (default: true) USE White§r Artificial Dye
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.book_manual.*                                       # (default: true) USE Industrial Foregoing's Manual
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.conveyor_upgrade.*                                  # (default: true) USE Extraction Conveyor Upgrade
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.dryrubber.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dry Rubber
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.energy_field_addon.*                                # (default: true) USE Energy Field Addon
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.fertilizer.*                                        # (default: true) USE Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.fluid_transfer_addon_pull.*                         # (default: true) USE Fluid Transfer Addon (Pull/Down)
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.fluid_transfer_addon_push.*                         # (default: true) USE Fluid Transfer Addon (Push/Down)
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.fortune_addon.*                                     # (default: true) USE Fortune Addon
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.infinity_drill.*                                    # (default: true) USE Infinity Drill
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.itemstack_transfer_addon_pull.*                     # (default: true) USE Itemstack Transfer Addon (Pull/Down)
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.itemstack_transfer_addon_push.*                     # (default: true) USE Itemstack Transfer Addon (Push/Down)
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.laser_lens.*                                        # (default: true) USE White§r Laser Lens
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.laser_lens_inverted.*                               # (default: true) USE White§r Laser Lens (Inverted)
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.leaf_shearing.*                                     # (default: true) USE Leaf Shearing Addon
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.meat_feeder.*                                       # (default: true) USE Meat Feeder
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.mob_imprisonment_tool.*                             # (default: true) USE Mob Imprisonment Tool
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.pink_slime.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pink Slime
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.pink_slime_ingot.*                                  # (default: true) USE Pink Slime Ingot
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.plastic.*                                           # (default: true) USE Plastic
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.range_addon.*                                       # (default: true) USE Range Addon
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.straw.*                                             # (default: true) USE Straw
fe.protection.use.industrialforegoing.tinydryrubber.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tiny Dry Rubber
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*                               # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*                              # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*                            # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                                  # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*                              # (default: true) USE Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) USE Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) USE Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) USE Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontanks.copper_iron_upgrade.*                                         # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontanks.copper_silver_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontanks.diamond_emerald_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond to Emerald Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontanks.diamond_obsidian_upgrade.*                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontanks.glass_copper_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) USE Glass to Copper Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontanks.glass_iron_upgrade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Glass to Iron Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontanks.gold_diamond_upgrade.*                                        # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontanks.iron_gold_upgrade.*                                           # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.irontanks.silver_gold_upgrade.*                                         # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Tank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpaluminium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Aluminium Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpardite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ardite Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpcarbon.*                                               # (default: true) USE Carbon Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpcobalt.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cobalt Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpcrystal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crystal Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpdarkiron.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dark Iron Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpdesh.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Desh Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpiridium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Iridium Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpmagnesium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Magnesium Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpmercury.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mercury Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpmeteoriciron.*                                         # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpnickel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Nickel Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumppalladium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Palladium Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpplatinum.*                                             # (default: true) USE Platinum Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumptungsten.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tungsten Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpuranium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Uranium Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpyellorium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Yellorium Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clumpzinc.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zinc Clump
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusteraluminium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Native Aluminium Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusterardite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Native Ardite Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clustercarbon.*                                             # (default: true) USE Native Carbon Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clustercobalt.*                                             # (default: true) USE Native Cobalt Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clustercrystal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Native Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusterdarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) USE Native Dark Iron Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusterdesh.*                                               # (default: true) USE Native Desh Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusteriridium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Native Iridium Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clustermagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Native Magnesium Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clustermercury.*                                            # (default: true) USE Native Mercury Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clustermeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) USE Native Meteoric Iron Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusternickel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Native Nickel Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusterosmium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Native Osmium Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusterpalladium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Native Palladium Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusterplatinum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Native Platinum Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clustertungsten.*                                           # (default: true) USE Native Tungsten Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusteruranium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Native Uranium Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusteryellorium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Native Yellorium Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_clusterzinc.*                                               # (default: true) USE Native Zinc Cluster
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coinardite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ardite Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coincarbon.*                                                # (default: true) USE Carbon Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coincobalt.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cobalt Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coincrystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crystal Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coindarkiron.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dark Iron Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coindesh.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Desh Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coinmagnesium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Magnesium Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coinmercury.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mercury Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coinmeteoriciron.*                                          # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coinosmium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Osmium Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coinpalladium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Palladium Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_cointungsten.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tungsten Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coinuranium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Uranium Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coinyellorium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Yellorium Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_coinzinc.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zinc Coin
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedardite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedcarbon.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Carbon Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedcobalt.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedcrystal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Crystal Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crusheddarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crusheddesh.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crushed Desh Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushediridium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Iridium Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedmagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crushed Magnesium Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedmercury.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crushed Mercury Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedmeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crushed Meteoric Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushednickel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedosmium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpalladium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crushed Palladium Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedplatinum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedardite.*                                     # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Ardite Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcarbon.*                                     # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Carbon Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcobalt.*                                     # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Cobalt Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedcrystal.*                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Crystal Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifieddarkiron.*                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Dark Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifieddesh.*                                       # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Desh Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiediridium.*                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Iridium Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmagnesium.*                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Magnesium Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmercury.*                                    # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Mercury Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedmeteoriciron.*                               # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Meteoric Iron Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiednickel.*                                     # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Nickel Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedosmium.*                                     # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Osmium Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedpalladium.*                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Palladium Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedplatinum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Platinum Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedtungsten.*                                   # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedyellorium.*                                  # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedpurifiedzinc.*                                       # (default: true) USE Purified Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedtungsten.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crushed Tungsten Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crushed Yellorium Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crushedzinc.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crushed Zinc Ore
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalaluminium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Aluminium Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalardite.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ardite Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalcarbon.*                                             # (default: true) USE Carbon Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalcobalt.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cobalt Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalcrystal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Crystal Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystaldarkiron.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dark Iron Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystaldesh.*                                               # (default: true) USE Desh Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystaliridium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Iridium Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalmagnesium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Magnesium Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalmercury.*                                            # (default: true) USE Mercury Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalmeteoriciron.*                                       # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalnickel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Nickel Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalpalladium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Palladium Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalplatinum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Platinum Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystaltungsten.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tungsten Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystaluranium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Uranium Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Yellorium Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_crystalzinc.*                                               # (default: true) USE Zinc Crystal
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustardite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ardite Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustcarbon.*                                                # (default: true) USE Carbon Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustchargedcertusquartz.*                                   # (default: true) USE Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustcobalt.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustcrystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crystal Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdarkiron.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdesh.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Desh Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtyaluminium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtyardite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dirty Ardite Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtycarbon.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dirty Carbon Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtycobalt.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dirty Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtycrystal.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Crystal Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtydarkiron.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtydesh.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dirty Desh Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtyiridium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Iridium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtymagnesium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtymercury.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Mercury Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtymeteoriciron.*                                     # (default: true) USE Dirty Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtynickel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Dirty Nickel Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtypalladium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Palladium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtyplatinum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Platinum Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtytungsten.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dirty Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtyuranium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dirty Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtyyellorium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dirty Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustdirtyzinc.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dirty Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustemerald.*                                               # (default: true) USE Emerald Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustmagnesium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustmercury.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mercury Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustmeteoriciron.*                                          # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustpalladium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Palladium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallaluminium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallardite.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallcarbon.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Carbon Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallcertusquartz.*                                     # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallchargedcertusquartz.*                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallcoal.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Coal Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallcobalt.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallcopper.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Copper Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallcrystal.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Crystal Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmalldarkiron.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmalldesh.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Desh Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmalldiamond.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Diamond Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallemerald.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Emerald Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallgold.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Gold Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmalliridium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Iridium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmalliron.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmalllapis.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lapis Lazuli Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmalllead.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Lead Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallmagnesium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallmercury.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Mercury Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallmeteoriciron.*                                     # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallnickel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallniter.*                                            # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Niter Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallosmium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallpalladium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Palladium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallplatinum.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallquartz.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Quartz Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallredstone.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Redstone Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallsilver.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Silver Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallsulfur.*                                           # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Sulfur Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmalltin.*                                              # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Tin Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmalltungsten.*                                         # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmalluranium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallyellorium.*                                        # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustsmallzinc.*                                             # (default: true) USE Small Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyaluminium.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Aluminium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyardite.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Ardite Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinycarbon.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Carbon Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinycertusquartz.*                                      # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinychargedcertusquartz.*                               # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Charged Certus Quartz Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinycoal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Coal Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinycobalt.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Cobalt Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinycrystal.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Crystal Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinydarkiron.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Dark Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinydesh.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Desh Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinydiamond.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Diamond Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyemerald.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Emerald Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyiridium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Iridium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinymagnesium.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Magnesium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinymercury.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Mercury Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinymeteoriciron.*                                      # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Meteoric Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinynickel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Nickel Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyniter.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Niter Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyosmium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Osmium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinypalladium.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Palladium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyplatinum.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Platinum Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyquartz.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Quartz Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyredstone.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Redstone Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinytungsten.*                                          # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyuranium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyyellorium.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Yellorium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttinyzinc.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tiny Pile of Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusttungsten.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tungsten Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dusturanium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Uranium Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_dustzinc.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zinc Dust
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearardite.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ardite Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearcarbon.*                                                # (default: true) USE Carbon Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearcertusquartz.*                                          # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearchargedcertusquartz.*                                   # (default: true) USE Charged Certus Quartz Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearcoal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Coal Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearcobalt.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cobalt Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearcrystal.*                                               # (default: true) USE Crystal Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_geardarkiron.*                                              # (default: true) USE Dark Iron Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_geardesh.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Desh Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearlapis.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearmagnesium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Magnesium Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearmercury.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mercury Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearmeteoriciron.*                                          # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearosmium.*                                                # (default: true) USE Osmium Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearpalladium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Palladium Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearquartz.*                                                # (default: true) USE Quartz Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_geartungsten.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tungsten Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearuranium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Uranium Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearyellorium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Yellorium Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_gearzinc.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zinc Gear
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetcarbon.*                                              # (default: true) USE Carbon Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetcertusquartz.*                                        # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetchargedcertusquartz.*                                 # (default: true) USE Charged Certus Quartz Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetcoal.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coal Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetcrystal.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crystal Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetdarkiron.*                                            # (default: true) USE Dark Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetdesh.*                                                # (default: true) USE Desh Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetlapis.*                                               # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetmagnesium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Magnesium Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetmercury.*                                             # (default: true) USE Mercury Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetmeteoriciron.*                                        # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetpalladium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Palladium Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggettungsten.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tungsten Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggeturanium.*                                             # (default: true) USE Uranium Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_nuggetyellorium.*                                           # (default: true) USE Yellorium Nugget
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_plateardite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ardite Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platecertusquartz.*                                         # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platechargedcertusquartz.*                                  # (default: true) USE Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platecoal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coal Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platecobalt.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cobalt Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platecrystal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crystal Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedarkiron.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dark Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensealuminium.*                                       # (default: true) USE Dense Aluminium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedenseardite.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dense Ardite Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensecarbon.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dense Carbon Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensecertusquartz.*                                    # (default: true) USE Dense Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensechargedcertusquartz.*                             # (default: true) USE Dense Charged Certus Quartz Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensecoal.*                                            # (default: true) USE Dense Coal Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensecobalt.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dense Cobalt Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensecrystal.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dense Crystal Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensedarkiron.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dense Dark Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensedesh.*                                            # (default: true) USE Dense Desh Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensediamond.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dense Diamond Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedenseemerald.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dense Emerald Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedenseiridium.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dense Iridium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensemagnesium.*                                       # (default: true) USE Dense Magnesium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensemercury.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dense Mercury Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensemeteoriciron.*                                    # (default: true) USE Dense Meteoric Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensenickel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dense Nickel Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedenseosmium.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dense Osmium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensepalladium.*                                       # (default: true) USE Dense Palladium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedenseplatinum.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dense Platinum Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensequartz.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dense Quartz Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensesilver.*                                          # (default: true) USE Dense Silver Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensetungsten.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dense Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedenseuranium.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dense Uranium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedenseyellorium.*                                       # (default: true) USE Dense Yellorium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedensezinc.*                                            # (default: true) USE Dense Zinc Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platedesh.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Desh Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platediamond.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_plateemerald.*                                              # (default: true) USE Emerald Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platemagnesium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Magnesium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platemercury.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mercury Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platemeteoriciron.*                                         # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_plateosmium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Osmium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platepalladium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Palladium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platequartz.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quartz Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_platetungsten.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tungsten Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_plateuranium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Uranium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_plateyellorium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Yellorium Plate
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardaluminium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Aluminium Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardardite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ardite Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardcarbon.*                                               # (default: true) USE Carbon Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardcobalt.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cobalt Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardcrystal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crystal Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_sharddarkiron.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dark Iron Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_sharddesh.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Desh Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardiridium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Iridium Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardmagnesium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Magnesium Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardmercury.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mercury Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardmeteoriciron.*                                         # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardnickel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Nickel Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardpalladium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Palladium Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardplatinum.*                                             # (default: true) USE Platinum Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardtungsten.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tungsten Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_sharduranium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Uranium Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardyellorium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Yellorium Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_shardzinc.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zinc Shard
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickaluminium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Aluminium Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickardite.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ardite Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickcarbon.*                                               # (default: true) USE Carbon Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickcertusquartz.*                                         # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickchargedcertusquartz.*                                  # (default: true) USE Charged Certus Quartz Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickcoal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Coal Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickcobalt.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cobalt Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickcopper.*                                               # (default: true) USE Copper Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickcrystal.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crystal Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickdarkiron.*                                             # (default: true) USE Dark Iron Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickdesh.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Desh Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickdiamond.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickemerald.*                                              # (default: true) USE Emerald Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickgold.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gold Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickiridium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Iridium Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_sticklapis.*                                                # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_sticklead.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lead Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickmagnesium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Magnesium Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickmercury.*                                              # (default: true) USE Mercury Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickmeteoriciron.*                                         # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_sticknickel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Nickel Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickosmium.*                                               # (default: true) USE Osmium Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickpalladium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Palladium Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickplatinum.*                                             # (default: true) USE Platinum Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickquartz.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quartz Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_sticksilver.*                                               # (default: true) USE Silver Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_sticktin.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Tin Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_sticktungsten.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tungsten Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickuranium.*                                              # (default: true) USE Uranium Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickyellorium.*                                            # (default: true) USE Yellorium Rod
fe.protection.use.jaopca.item_stickzinc.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Zinc Rod
fe.protection.use.jexclusives.crystal.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Strange Crystal
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.broken_item.*                                            # (default: true) USE Logistics Broken Item
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.chip_advanced.*                                          # (default: true) USE Advanced Chip
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.chip_advanced_raw.*                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Advanced Chip
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.chip_basic.*                                             # (default: true) USE Basic Chip
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.chip_basic_raw.*                                         # (default: true) USE Raw Basic Chip
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.chip_fpga.*                                              # (default: true) USE FPGA
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.chip_fpga_raw.*                                          # (default: true) USE Raw FPGA
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.disk.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Disk
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.fluid_container.*                                        # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Container
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.guide_book.*                                             # (default: true) USE Logistics Pipes' Guide Book
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.hud_glasses.*                                            # (default: true) USE Logistics HUD Glasses
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.item_card.*                                              # (default: true) USE Logistics Item Card
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.logistics_programmer.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Programmer
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_active_supplier.*                                 # (default: true) USE Active Supplier Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_blank.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blank Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_crafter.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crafting Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_enchantment_sink.*                                # (default: true) USE Enchantment Sink Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_enchantment_sink_mk2.*                            # (default: true) USE Enchantment Sink Module MK2
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_extractor.*                                       # (default: true) USE Extractor Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_extractor_advanced.*                              # (default: true) USE Advanced Extractor Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_item_sink.*                                       # (default: true) USE ItemSink Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_creativetab.*                           # (default: true) USE Creative Tab Based ItemSink Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_mod.*                                   # (default: true) USE Mod Based ItemSink Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_oredict.*                               # (default: true) USE OreDict ItemSink Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_item_sink_polymorphic.*                           # (default: true) USE Polymorphic ItemSink Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_passive_supplier.*                                # (default: true) USE Passive Supplier Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_provider.*                                        # (default: true) USE Provider Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_quick_sort.*                                      # (default: true) USE QuickSort Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.module_terminus.*                                        # (default: true) USE Terminus Module
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.parts.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Logistics HUD Bow
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_basic.*                                             # (default: true) USE Basic Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk1.*                                       # (default: true) USE Logistics Chassis Mk1
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk2.*                                       # (default: true) USE Logistics Chassis Mk2
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk3.*                                       # (default: true) USE Logistics Chassis Mk3
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk4.*                                       # (default: true) USE Logistics Chassis Mk4
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_chassis_mk5.*                                       # (default: true) USE Logistics Chassis Mk5
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_controller.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pipe Controller
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_crafting.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crafting Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_firewall.*                                          # (default: true) USE Logistics Firewall Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_basic.*                                       # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Basic Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_extractor.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Extractor Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_insertion.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Insertion Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_provider.*                                    # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Provider Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_request.*                                     # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Request Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_satellite.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Satellite Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_supplier.*                                    # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Container Supplier
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_supplier_mk2.*                                # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Supplier
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_fluid_terminus.*                                    # (default: true) USE Logistics Fluid Terminus Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_curve.*                                          # (default: true) USE Highspeed Curve Tube
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_gain.*                                           # (default: true) USE Highspeed Gain Tube
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_line.*                                           # (default: true) USE Highspeed Line Tube
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_s_curve.*                                        # (default: true) USE Highspeed S-Curve Tube
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_hs_speedup.*                                        # (default: true) USE Highspeed Speedup Tube
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_inventory_system_connector.*                        # (default: true) USE Logistics Inventory System Connector
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_manager.*                                           # (default: true) USE Pipe Manager
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_provider.*                                          # (default: true) USE Provider Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_remote_orderer.*                                    # (default: true) USE Remote Orderer Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_request.*                                           # (default: true) USE Request Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_request_mk2.*                                       # (default: true) USE Request Logistics Pipe Mk2
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_request_table.*                                     # (default: true) USE Logistics Request Table
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_satellite.*                                         # (default: true) USE Satellite Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_supplier.*                                          # (default: true) USE Supplier Logistics Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_system_destination.*                                # (default: true) USE Logistics System Destination Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_system_entrance.*                                   # (default: true) USE Logistics System Entrance Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.pipe_transport_basic.*                                   # (default: true) USE Unrouted Transport Pipe
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.remote_orderer.*                                         # (default: true) USE Remote Orderer
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.sign_creator.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crafting Sign Creator
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_action_speed.*                                   # (default: true) USE Action Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_cc_remote_control.*                              # (default: true) USE CC Remote Control Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_byproduct.*                             # (default: true) USE Crafting Byproduct Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_cleanup.*                               # (default: true) USE Crafting Cleanup Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_crafting_monitoring.*                            # (default: true) USE Crafting Monitoring Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_disconnection.*                                  # (default: true) USE Disconnection Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_fluid_crafting.*                                 # (default: true) USE Fluid Crafting Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_fuzzy.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fuzzy Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_item_extraction.*                                # (default: true) USE Item Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_item_stack_extraction.*                          # (default: true) USE ItemStack Extraction Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_logic_controller.*                               # (default: true) USE Logic Controller Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_module_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) USE Module Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_opaque.*                                         # (default: true) USE Opaque Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_pattern.*                                        # (default: true) USE Placement Rules Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_ev.*                           # (default: true) USE EU EV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_hv.*                           # (default: true) USE EU HV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_lv.*                           # (default: true) USE EU LV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_eu_mv.*                           # (default: true) USE EU MV Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_mj.*                              # (default: true) USE MJ Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_supplier_rf.*                              # (default: true) USE RF Power Supplier Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_power_transportation.*                           # (default: true) USE Power Transportation Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_satellite_advanced.*                             # (default: true) USE Advanced Satellite Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_sneaky.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sneaky Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_sneaky_combination.*                             # (default: true) USE Sneaky Combination Upgrade
fe.protection.use.logisticspipes.upgrade_speed.*                                          # (default: true) USE Item Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.longfallboots.longfallboots.*                                           # (default: true) USE Long Fall Boots
fe.protection.use.lostmagic.purifying_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Purifier
fe.protection.use.lostmagic.ring_nutrition.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ring of Nutrition
fe.protection.use.lostmagic.scribe_blood.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bloody Scrivener's Tools
fe.protection.use.magicbees.backpack_thaumaturge_t1.*                                     # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.use.magicbees.backpack_thaumaturge_t2.*                                     # (default: true) USE Woven Thaumaturge's Backpack
fe.protection.use.magicbees.beecomb.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Mundane Comb
fe.protection.use.magicbees.drop.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Enchanting Drop
fe.protection.use.magicbees.frames.gentle.*                                               # (default: true) USE Gentle Frame
fe.protection.use.magicbees.frames.magic.*                                                # (default: true) USE Magic Frame
fe.protection.use.magicbees.frames.metabolic.*                                            # (default: true) USE Metabolic Frame
fe.protection.use.magicbees.frames.necrotic.*                                             # (default: true) USE Necrotic Frame
fe.protection.use.magicbees.frames.oblivion.*                                             # (default: true) USE Oblivion Frame
fe.protection.use.magicbees.frames.resilient.*                                            # (default: true) USE Resilient Frame
fe.protection.use.magicbees.frames.temporal.*                                             # (default: true) USE Temporal Frame
fe.protection.use.magicbees.jelly_babies.*                                                # (default: true) USE Handful of Jelly Babies
fe.protection.use.magicbees.manasteelgrafter.*                                            # (default: true) USE Manasteel Grafter
fe.protection.use.magicbees.manasteelscoop.*                                              # (default: true) USE Manasteel Scoop
fe.protection.use.magicbees.moondial.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Jade Moon Dial
fe.protection.use.magicbees.mysteriousmagnet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Mysterious Magnet
fe.protection.use.magicbees.orepart.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Shard
fe.protection.use.magicbees.pollen.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Unusual Pollen
fe.protection.use.magicbees.propolis.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Unstable Propolis
fe.protection.use.magicbees.resource.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Lore Fragment
fe.protection.use.magicbees.wax.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Magic Wax
fe.protection.use.mekanism.anchorupgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Anchor Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.armoredjetpack.*                                               # (default: true) USE Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.use.mekanism.atomicalloy.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.use.mekanism.atomicdisassembler.*                                           # (default: true) USE Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.use.mekanism.balloon.*                                                      # (default: true) USE §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.use.mekanism.biofuel.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bio Fuel
fe.protection.use.mekanism.clump.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Clump
fe.protection.use.mekanism.compressedcarbon.*                                             # (default: true) USE Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.use.mekanism.compresseddiamond.*                                            # (default: true) USE Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.use.mekanism.compressedobsidian.*                                           # (default: true) USE Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.use.mekanism.compressedredstone.*                                           # (default: true) USE Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.use.mekanism.configurationcard.*                                            # (default: true) USE Configuration Card
fe.protection.use.mekanism.configurator.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Configurator
fe.protection.use.mekanism.controlcircuit.*                                               # (default: true) USE Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.use.mekanism.craftingformula.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crafting Formula
fe.protection.use.mekanism.crystal.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Crystal
fe.protection.use.mekanism.dictionary.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Dictionary
fe.protection.use.mekanism.dirtydust.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.mekanism.dust.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.mekanism.electricbow.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Electric Bow
fe.protection.use.mekanism.electrolyticcore.*                                             # (default: true) USE Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.use.mekanism.energytablet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Energy Tablet
fe.protection.use.mekanism.energyupgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.enrichedalloy.*                                                # (default: true) USE Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.use.mekanism.enrichediron.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Enriched Iron
fe.protection.use.mekanism.filterupgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.flamethrower.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Flamethrower
fe.protection.use.mekanism.freerunners.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Free Runners
fe.protection.use.mekanism.gasmask.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Gas Mask
fe.protection.use.mekanism.gasupgrade.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.gaugedropper.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.use.mekanism.ingot.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.use.mekanism.itemproxy.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.use.mekanism.jetpack.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.mekanism.mufflingupgrade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.networkreader.*                                                # (default: true) USE Network Reader
fe.protection.use.mekanism.nugget.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Refined Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.use.mekanism.otherdust.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Dust
fe.protection.use.mekanism.polyethene.*                                                   # (default: true) USE HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.use.mekanism.portableteleporter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.use.mekanism.reinforcedalloy.*                                              # (default: true) USE Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.use.mekanism.robit.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Robit
fe.protection.use.mekanism.salt.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Salt
fe.protection.use.mekanism.sawdust.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Sawdust
fe.protection.use.mekanism.scubatank.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Scuba Tank
fe.protection.use.mekanism.seismicreader.*                                                # (default: true) USE Seismic Reader
fe.protection.use.mekanism.shard.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Shard
fe.protection.use.mekanism.speedupgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.substrate.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Substrate
fe.protection.use.mekanism.teleportationcore.*                                            # (default: true) USE Teleportation Core
fe.protection.use.mekanism.tierinstaller.*                                                # (default: true) USE Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.use.mekanism.walkietalkie.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.use.mekanismgenerators.hohlraum.*                                           # (default: true) USE Hohlraum
fe.protection.use.mekanismgenerators.solarpanel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Solar Panel
fe.protection.use.mekanismgenerators.turbineblade.*                                       # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.bronzeaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.bronzeboots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.bronzechestplate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.bronzehelmet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.bronzehoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.bronzeleggings.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.bronzepaxel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Paxel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.bronzepickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.bronzeshovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.bronzesword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.diamondpaxel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Paxel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.glowstoneaxe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Glowstone Axe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.glowstoneboots.*                                          # (default: true) USE Glowstone Boots
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.glowstonechestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Glowstone Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.glowstonehelmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Glowstone Helmet
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.glowstonehoe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Glowstone Hoe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.glowstoneleggings.*                                       # (default: true) USE Glowstone Leggings
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.glowstonepaxel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Glowstone Paxel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.glowstonepickaxe.*                                        # (default: true) USE Glowstone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.glowstoneshovel.*                                         # (default: true) USE Glowstone Shovel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.glowstonesword.*                                          # (default: true) USE Glowstone Sword
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.goldpaxel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Gold Paxel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.ironpaxel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Iron Paxel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.lapislazuliaxe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Axe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.lapislazuliboots.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Boots
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.lapislazulichestplate.*                                   # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.lapislazulihelmet.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Helmet
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.lapislazulihoe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Hoe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.lapislazulileggings.*                                     # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Leggings
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.lapislazulipaxel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Paxel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.lapislazulipickaxe.*                                      # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.lapislazulishovel.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Shovel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.lapislazulisword.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Sword
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.obsidianaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Obsidian Axe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.obsidianboots.*                                           # (default: true) USE Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.obsidianchestplate.*                                      # (default: true) USE Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.obsidianhelmet.*                                          # (default: true) USE Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.obsidianhoe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Obsidian Hoe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.obsidianleggings.*                                        # (default: true) USE Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.obsidianpaxel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Obsidian Paxel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.obsidianpickaxe.*                                         # (default: true) USE Obsidian Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.obsidianshovel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Obsidian Shovel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.obsidiansword.*                                           # (default: true) USE Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.osmiumaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Osmium Axe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.osmiumboots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Osmium Boots
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.osmiumchestplate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Osmium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.osmiumhelmet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Osmium Helmet
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.osmiumhoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Osmium Hoe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.osmiumleggings.*                                          # (default: true) USE Osmium Leggings
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.osmiumpaxel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Osmium Paxel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.osmiumpickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Osmium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.osmiumshovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Osmium Shovel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.osmiumsword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Osmium Sword
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.steelaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.steelboots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.steelchestplate.*                                         # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.steelhelmet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.steelhoe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.steelleggings.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.steelpaxel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steel Paxel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.steelpickaxe.*                                            # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.steelshovel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.steelsword.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.stonepaxel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Stone Paxel
fe.protection.use.mekanismtools.woodpaxel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wood Paxel
fe.protection.use.microblockcbe.microblock.*                                              # (default: true) USE Unnamed
fe.protection.use.microblockcbe.saw_diamond.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.microblockcbe:saw_diamond.name
fe.protection.use.microblockcbe.saw_iron.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.microblockcbe:saw_iron.name
fe.protection.use.microblockcbe.saw_stone.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.microblockcbe:saw_stone.name
fe.protection.use.microblockcbe.stone_rod.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.microblockcbe:stone_rod.name
fe.protection.use.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Acacia Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.air.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Air
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Armor Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                                # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                                         # (default: true) USE White Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Beetroot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                                              # (default: true) USE Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                                               # (default: true) USE Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.use.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Birch Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.birch_door.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Birch Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                                # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Oak Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                               # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                                           # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                                              # (default: true) USE Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                                                # (default: true) USE Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                                         # (default: true) USE Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                                      # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                                              # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                                             # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                                             # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.elytra.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Elytra
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                                              # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE End Crystal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                                        # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                                             # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                                            # (default: true) USE Furnace Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                                # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                                              # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                                # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                               # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                                          # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hopper Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                                             # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                                            # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                               # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                                # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Jungle Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Jungle Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                                              # (default: true) USE Knowledge Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                               # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                                          # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                                            # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Milk
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                               # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mutton.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Mutton
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                                            # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                                         # (default: true) USE Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.use.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                                            # (default: true) USE Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                               # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                               # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                                # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shield.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                                               # (default: true) USE Shulker Shell
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                                              # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                                              # (default: true) USE Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.splash_potion.*                                               # (default: true) USE Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spruce Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Spruce Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                                                      # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                                                # (default: true) USE Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                                # (default: true) USE TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                                            # (default: true) USE Totem of Undying
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                                # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Oak Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                                               # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                                                # (default: true) USE Written Book
fe.protection.use.modularrouters.augment.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fast Pickup Augment
fe.protection.use.modularrouters.augment_core.*                                           # (default: true) USE Augment Core
fe.protection.use.modularrouters.blank_module.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blank Module
fe.protection.use.modularrouters.blank_upgrade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Blank Upgrade
fe.protection.use.modularrouters.filter.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bulk Item Filter
fe.protection.use.modularrouters.module.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Dropper Module
fe.protection.use.modularrouters.override_card.*                                          # (default: true) USE Security Override Card
fe.protection.use.modularrouters.upgrade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Stack Upgrade
fe.protection.use.moremystcraft.maintainer_suit.*                                         # (default: true) USE Maintainer Suit
fe.protection.use.morphtool.tool.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Morphing Tool
fe.protection.use.mystcraft.agebook.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Descriptive Book
fe.protection.use.mystcraft.booster.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Sealed Notebook
fe.protection.use.mystcraft.folder.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Collation Folder
fe.protection.use.mystcraft.glasses.*                                                     # (default: true) USE XComp's Glasses
fe.protection.use.mystcraft.linkbook.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Linking Book
fe.protection.use.mystcraft.page.*                                                        # (default: true) USE item.myst.page.name
fe.protection.use.mystcraft.portfolio.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Symbol Portfolio
fe.protection.use.mystcraft.unlinkedbook.*                                                # (default: true) USE Unlinked Link Book
fe.protection.use.mystcraft.vial.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Ink Vial
fe.protection.use.mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Writing Desk
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Aluminum Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Aluminum Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.apatite_essence.*                                   # (default: true) USE Apatite Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.apatite_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) USE Apatite Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.ardite_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Ardite Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.ardite_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ardite Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.basalt_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Basalt Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.basalt_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Basalt Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.basalz_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Basalz Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.basalz_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Basalz Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.blaze_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blaze Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.blaze_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blaze Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.blitz_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blitz Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.blitz_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blitz Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.blizz_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Blizz Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.blizz_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Blizz Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.brass_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Brass Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.brass_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Brass Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.bronze_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bronze Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.bronze_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_essence.*                             # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_seeds.*                               # (default: true) USE Certus Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.charm.*                                             # (default: true) USE Blank Charm
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.chicken_essence.*                                   # (default: true) USE Chicken Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.chicken_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) USE Chicken Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.chunk.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tier 1 Mob Chunk
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.coal.*                                              # (default: true) USE §eInferium Coal
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.coal_essence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Coal Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.coal_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Coal Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Cobalt Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cobalt Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_essence.*                           # (default: true) USE Compressed Iron Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_seeds.*                             # (default: true) USE Compressed Iron Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_essence.*                           # (default: true) USE Conductive Iron Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_seeds.*                             # (default: true) USE Conductive Iron Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.constantan_essence.*                                # (default: true) USE Constantan Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.constantan_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) USE Constantan Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.copper_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Copper Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.copper_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Copper Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.core_remover.*                                      # (default: true) USE §cCore Remover
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.cow_essence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cow Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.cow_seeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cow Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.crafting.*                                          # (default: true) USE §eInferium Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.creeper_essence.*                                   # (default: true) USE Creeper Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.creeper_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) USE Creeper Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_essence.*                                # (default: true) USE Dark Steel Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) USE Dark Steel Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.desh_essence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Desh Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.desh_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Desh Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.diamond_essence.*                                   # (default: true) USE Diamond Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.diamond_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.dirt_essence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Dirt Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.dirt_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Dirt Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.dye_essence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Dye Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.dye_seeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Dye Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_essence.*                          # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_seeds.*                            # (default: true) USE Electrical Steel Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.electrum_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Electrum Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.electrum_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Electrum Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.elementium_essence.*                                # (default: true) USE Elementium Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.elementium_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) USE Elementium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.emerald_essence.*                                   # (default: true) USE Emerald Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.emerald_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.end_essence.*                                       # (default: true) USE End Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.end_seeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE End Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_essence.*                                 # (default: true) USE End Steel Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) USE End Steel Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.enderium_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Enderium Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.enderium_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Enderium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.enderman_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Enderman Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.enderman_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Enderman Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_essence.*                           # (default: true) USE Energetic Alloy Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_seeds.*                             # (default: true) USE Energetic Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.experience_essence.*                                # (default: true) USE Experience Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.experience_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) USE Experience Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.fertilized_essence.*                                # (default: true) USE §dFertilized Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_essence.*                               # (default: true) USE Fiery Ingot Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) USE Fiery Ingot Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.fire_essence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Fire Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.fire_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Fire Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.fluix_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Fluix Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.fluix_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Fluix Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_essence.*                           # (default: true) USE Fluxed Electrum Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_seeds.*                             # (default: true) USE Fluxed Electrum Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.gear.*                                              # (default: true) USE §eInferium Tool Core
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.ghast_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Ghast Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.ghast_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ghast Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_essence.*                                 # (default: true) USE Glowstone Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_essence.*                           # (default: true) USE Glowstone Ingot Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_seeds.*                             # (default: true) USE Glowstone Ingot Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) USE Glowstone Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.gold_essence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Gold Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.gold_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Gold Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_essence.*                        # (default: true) USE Grains of Infinity Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_seeds.*                          # (default: true) USE Grains of Infinity Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.graphite_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Graphite Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.graphite_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Graphite Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.guardian_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Guardian Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.guardian_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Guardian Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.ice_essence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ice Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.ice_seeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ice Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_apple.*                                    # (default: true) USE §eInferium Apple
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_arrow.*                                    # (default: true) USE §eInferium Arrow
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_axe.*                                      # (default: true) USE §eInferium Axe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_boots.*                                    # (default: true) USE §eInferium Boots
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_bow.*                                      # (default: true) USE §eInferium Bow
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_chestplate.*                               # (default: true) USE §eInferium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_fishing_rod.*                              # (default: true) USE §eInferium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) USE §eInferium Helmet
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_hoe.*                                      # (default: true) USE §eInferium Hoe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_leggings.*                                 # (default: true) USE §eInferium Leggings
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) USE §eInferium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_scythe.*                                   # (default: true) USE §eInferium Scythe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_shears.*                                   # (default: true) USE §eInferium Shears
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_shovel.*                                   # (default: true) USE §eInferium Shovel
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_sickle.*                                   # (default: true) USE §eInferium Sickle
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.inferium_sword.*                                    # (default: true) USE §eInferium Sword
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.infusion_crystal.*                                  # (default: true) USE Infusion Crystal
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_apple.*                                 # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Apple
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_arrow.*                                 # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Arrow
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_axe.*                                   # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Axe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_boots.*                                 # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Boots
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_bow.*                                   # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Bow
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_chestplate.*                            # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_fishing_rod.*                           # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_helmet.*                                # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Helmet
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_hoe.*                                   # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Hoe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_leggings.*                              # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Leggings
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_scythe.*                                # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Scythe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_shears.*                                # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Shears
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_shovel.*                                # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Shovel
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_sickle.*                                # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Sickle
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_sword.*                                 # (default: true) USE §6Intermedium Sword
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.invar_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Invar Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.invar_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Invar Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_essence.*                               # (default: true) USE Iridium Ore Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) USE Iridium Ore Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.iron_essence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.iron_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ironwood Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Ironwood Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_essence.*                               # (default: true) USE Knightmetal Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) USE Knightmetal Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_essence.*                               # (default: true) USE Knightslime Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) USE Knightslime Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_essence.*                              # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_seeds.*                                # (default: true) USE Lapis Lazuli Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.lead_essence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Lead Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.lead_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lead Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.limestone_essence.*                                 # (default: true) USE Limestone Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.limestone_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) USE Limestone Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.lumium_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lumium Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.lumium_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Lumium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_essence.*                                 # (default: true) USE Manasteel Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) USE Manasteel Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_essence.*                                 # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.marble_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Marble Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.marble_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Marble Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.master_infusion_crystal.*                           # (default: true) USE §cMaster Infusion Crystal
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_essence.*                             # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_seeds.*                               # (default: true) USE Meteoric Iron Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.mystical_fertilizer.*                               # (default: true) USE §dMystical Fertilizer
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_essence.*                           # (default: true) USE Mystical Flower Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_seeds.*                             # (default: true) USE Mystical Flower Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.nature_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Nature Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.nature_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Nature Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.nether_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Nether Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_essence.*                             # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_seeds.*                               # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.nether_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Nether Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.nickel_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Nickel Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.nickel_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Nickel Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.osmium_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Osmium Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.osmium_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Osmium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.peridot_essence.*                                   # (default: true) USE Peridot Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.peridot_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) USE Peridot Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.pig_essence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Pig Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.pig_seeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Pig Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.platinum_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Platinum Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.platinum_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Platinum Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_apple.*                                  # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Apple
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_arrow.*                                  # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Arrow
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_axe.*                                    # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Axe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_boots.*                                  # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Boots
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_bow.*                                    # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Bow
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_chestplate.*                             # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_fishing_rod.*                            # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Helmet
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Hoe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_leggings.*                               # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Leggings
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_scythe.*                                 # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Scythe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_shears.*                                 # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Shears
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_shovel.*                                 # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Shovel
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_sickle.*                                 # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Sickle
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_sword.*                                  # (default: true) USE §aPrudentium Sword
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_essence.*                            # (default: true) USE Pulsating Iron Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Pulsating Iron Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_essence.*                               # (default: true) USE Quicksilver Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) USE Quicksilver Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Rabbit Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Rabbit Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_essence.*                            # (default: true) USE Redstone Alloy Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Redstone Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.redstone_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Redstone Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.redstone_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Redstone Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_essence.*                          # (default: true) USE Refined Obsidian Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_seeds.*                            # (default: true) USE Refined Obsidian Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.rubber_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Rubber Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.rubber_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Rubber Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.ruby_essence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ruby Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.ruby_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ruby Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_essence.*                                 # (default: true) USE Saltpeter Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) USE Saltpeter Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Sapphire Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Sapphire Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.sheep_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Sheep Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.sheep_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Sheep Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.signalum_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Signalum Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.signalum_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Signalum Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.silicon_essence.*                                   # (default: true) USE Silicon Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.silicon_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) USE Silicon Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.silver_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Silver Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.silver_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Silver Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_essence.*                                 # (default: true) USE Sky Stone Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) USE Sky Stone Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.slime_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Slime Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.slime_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Slime Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.soularium_essence.*                                 # (default: true) USE Soularium Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.soularium_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) USE Soularium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.soulium_dagger.*                                    # (default: true) USE §dSoulium Dagger
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.spider_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Spider Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.spider_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Spider Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.steel_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Steel Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.steel_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Steel Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.stone_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Stone Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.stone_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Stone Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Sulfur Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Sulfur Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_apple.*                                    # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Apple
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_arrow.*                                    # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Arrow
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_axe.*                                      # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Axe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_boots.*                                    # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Boots
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_bow.*                                      # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Bow
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_chestplate.*                               # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_fishing_rod.*                              # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_helmet.*                                   # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Helmet
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_hoe.*                                      # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Hoe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_leggings.*                                 # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Leggings
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_pickaxe.*                                  # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_scythe.*                                   # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Scythe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_shears.*                                   # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Shears
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_shovel.*                                   # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Shovel
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_sickle.*                                   # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Sickle
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.superium_sword.*                                    # (default: true) USE §bSuperium Sword
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_apple.*                                   # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Apple
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_arrow.*                                   # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Arrow
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_axe.*                                     # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Axe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_boots.*                                   # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Boots
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_bow.*                                     # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Bow
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_chestplate.*                              # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_fishing_rod.*                             # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Helmet
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_hoe.*                                     # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Hoe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_leggings.*                                # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Leggings
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_scythe.*                                  # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Scythe
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_shears.*                                  # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Shears
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_shovel.*                                  # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Shovel
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_sickle.*                                  # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Sickle
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.supremium_sword.*                                   # (default: true) USE §cSupremium Sword
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_essence.*                                # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) USE Terrasteel Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Thaumium Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Thaumium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.tier1_inferium_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.tier2_inferium_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.tier3_inferium_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.tier4_inferium_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.tier5_inferium_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Inferium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.tin_essence.*                                       # (default: true) USE Tin Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.tin_seeds.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tin Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.titanium_essence.*                                  # (default: true) USE Titanium Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.titanium_seeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Titanium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_essence.*                               # (default: true) USE Uranium 238 Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_seeds.*                                 # (default: true) USE Uranium 238 Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.uranium_essence.*                                   # (default: true) USE Uranium Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.uranium_seeds.*                                     # (default: true) USE Uranium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_essence.*                             # (default: true) USE Vibrant Alloy Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_seeds.*                               # (default: true) USE Vibrant Alloy Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_essence.*                                # (default: true) USE Void Metal Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) USE Void Metal Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.water_essence.*                                     # (default: true) USE Water Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.water_seeds.*                                       # (default: true) USE Water Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.watering_can.*                                      # (default: true) USE §eInferium Watering Can
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_essence.*                           # (default: true) USE Wither Skeleton Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_seeds.*                             # (default: true) USE Wither Skeleton Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.wood_essence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Wood Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.wood_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wood Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.xp_droplet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Experience Droplet
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_essence.*                                 # (default: true) USE Yellorium Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_seeds.*                                   # (default: true) USE Yellorium Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.zinc_essence.*                                      # (default: true) USE Zinc Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.zinc_seeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Zinc Seeds
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.zombie_essence.*                                    # (default: true) USE Zombie Essence
fe.protection.use.mysticalagriculture.zombie_seeds.*                                      # (default: true) USE Zombie Seeds
fe.protection.use.natura.bloodwood_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Hatchet
fe.protection.use.natura.bloodwood_bow.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Bow
fe.protection.use.natura.bloodwood_kama.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Kama
fe.protection.use.natura.bloodwood_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.natura.bloodwood_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Shovel
fe.protection.use.natura.bloodwood_sword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Bloodwood Sword
fe.protection.use.natura.bonemeal_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bone Meal Bag
fe.protection.use.natura.darkwood_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Darkwood Hatchet
fe.protection.use.natura.darkwood_bow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Darkwood Bow
fe.protection.use.natura.darkwood_kama.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Darkwood Kama
fe.protection.use.natura.darkwood_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Darkwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.natura.darkwood_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Darkwood Shovel
fe.protection.use.natura.darkwood_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Darkwood Sword
fe.protection.use.natura.edibles.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Raw Imphide
fe.protection.use.natura.empty_bowls.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Empty Ghostwood Bowl
fe.protection.use.natura.flint_and_blaze.*                                                # (default: true) USE Flint and Blaze
fe.protection.use.natura.fusewood_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fusewood Hatchet
fe.protection.use.natura.fusewood_bow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Fusewood Bow
fe.protection.use.natura.fusewood_kama.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fusewood Kama
fe.protection.use.natura.fusewood_pickaxe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fusewood Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.natura.fusewood_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fusewood Shovel
fe.protection.use.natura.fusewood_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fusewood Sword
fe.protection.use.natura.ghostwood_axe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Hatchet
fe.protection.use.natura.ghostwood_bow.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Bow
fe.protection.use.natura.ghostwood_kama.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Kama
fe.protection.use.natura.ghostwood_pickaxe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.natura.ghostwood_shovel.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Shovel
fe.protection.use.natura.ghostwood_sword.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Sword
fe.protection.use.natura.imp_armor_boots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Impskin Boots
fe.protection.use.natura.imp_armor_chestplate.*                                           # (default: true) USE Impskin Jerkin
fe.protection.use.natura.imp_armor_helmet.*                                               # (default: true) USE Impskin Helmet
fe.protection.use.natura.imp_armor_leggings.*                                             # (default: true) USE Impskin Leggings
fe.protection.use.natura.materials.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Barley
fe.protection.use.natura.nether_doors.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Ghostwood Door
fe.protection.use.natura.netherquartz_axe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Quartz Hatchet
fe.protection.use.natura.netherquartz_kama.*                                              # (default: true) USE Quartz Kama
fe.protection.use.natura.netherquartz_pickaxe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Quartz Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.natura.netherquartz_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Quartz Shovel
fe.protection.use.natura.netherquartz_sword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Quartz Sword
fe.protection.use.natura.overworld_doors.*                                                # (default: true) USE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.use.natura.overworld_seed_bags.*                                            # (default: true) USE Barley Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.natura.overworld_seeds.*                                                # (default: true) USE Barley Seeds
fe.protection.use.natura.saguaro_fruit_item.*                                             # (default: true) USE Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.use.natura.seed_bags.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Wheat Seed Bag
fe.protection.use.natura.soups.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.natura.sticks.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Maple Sticks
fe.protection.use.naturescompass.naturescompass.*                                         # (default: true) USE Nature's Compass
fe.protection.use.omlib.debug_tool.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Debug Tool
fe.protection.use.omlib.fake_sword.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.fake_sword.name
fe.protection.use.omlib.multi_tool.*                                                      # (default: true) USE item.multi_tool.name
fe.protection.use.openblocks.cartographer.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cartographer
fe.protection.use.openblocks.crane_backpack.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crane Backpack
fe.protection.use.openblocks.crane_control.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crane Control
fe.protection.use.openblocks.crayon_glasses.*                                             # (default: true) USE Crayon Glasses
fe.protection.use.openblocks.cursor.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cursor
fe.protection.use.openblocks.dev_null.*                                                   # (default: true) USE /dev/null
fe.protection.use.openblocks.empty_map.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.openblocks.epic_eraser.*                                                # (default: true) USE Epic Eraser
fe.protection.use.openblocks.generic.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Glider Wing
fe.protection.use.openblocks.generic_unstackable.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pointer
fe.protection.use.openblocks.glyph.*                                                      # (default: true) USE 'À' Glyph
fe.protection.use.openblocks.golden_eye.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Golden eye
fe.protection.use.openblocks.hang_glider.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hang Glider
fe.protection.use.openblocks.height_map.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Height Map
fe.protection.use.openblocks.info_book.*                                                  # (default: true) USE World Domination with OpenBlocks
fe.protection.use.openblocks.luggage.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Luggage
fe.protection.use.openblocks.paintbrush.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Paint Brush
fe.protection.use.openblocks.pedometer.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pedometer
fe.protection.use.openblocks.pencil_glasses.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pencil Glasses
fe.protection.use.openblocks.serious_glasses.*                                            # (default: true) USE Badass Glasses
fe.protection.use.openblocks.sleeping_bag.*                                               # (default: true) USE Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.use.openblocks.slimalyzer.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Slimalyzer
fe.protection.use.openblocks.sonic_glasses.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sonic Glasses
fe.protection.use.openblocks.sponge_on_a_stick.*                                          # (default: true) USE Sponge
fe.protection.use.openblocks.squeegee.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Squeegee
fe.protection.use.openblocks.stencil.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Stencil
fe.protection.use.openblocks.tasty_clay.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Tasty Clay
fe.protection.use.openblocks.technicolor_glasses.*                                        # (default: true) USE Amazing Technicolor Glasses
fe.protection.use.openblocks.wrench.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Big Metal Bar
fe.protection.use.openblocks.xp_bucket.*                                                  # (default: true) USE XP Bucket
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.card.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Debug Card
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.component.*                                               # (default: true) USE Central Processing Unit (CPU) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.hoverboots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hover Boots
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.material.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cutting Wire
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.misc.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Tablet
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.storage.*                                                 # (default: true) USE EEPROM
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.tool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Analyzer
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.upgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Angel Upgrade
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.wrench.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Scrench
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.addon_meta.*                                         # (default: true) USE Addon - Turret Concealer
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.ammo_meta.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ammo - Blazing Clay
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.intermediate_regular.*                               # (default: true) USE IO Bus
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.intermediate_tiered.*                                # (default: true) USE Sensor (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.upgrade_meta.*                                       # (default: true) USE Upgrade - Accuracy
fe.protection.use.openmodularturrets.usable_meta.*                                        # (default: true) USE Throwable Bullet
fe.protection.use.pages.block_writer.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Block Writer
fe.protection.use.patchouli.guide_book.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Guide Book
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.dish_keycard.*                                        # (default: true) USE Communication Dish Keycard
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.item_satellite_rocket.*                               # (default: true) USE Satellite Rocket
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_0.*                                    # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_1.*                                    # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_10.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_11.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_12.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_13.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_14.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_15.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_16.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_17.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_18.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_19.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_2.*                                    # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_20.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_21.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_22.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_23.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_24.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_25.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_26.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_27.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_28.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_29.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_3.*                                    # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_30.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_31.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_32.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_33.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_34.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_35.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_36.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_37.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_38.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_39.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_4.*                                    # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_40.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_41.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_42.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_43.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_44.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_45.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_46.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_47.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_48.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_49.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_5.*                                    # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_50.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_51.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_52.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_53.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_54.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_55.*                                   # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_6.*                                    # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_7.*                                    # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_8.*                                    # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.research_paper_9.*                                    # (default: true) USE Research Paper
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.satellite_basic.*                                     # (default: true) USE Satellite
fe.protection.use.planetprogression.satellite_module_basic.*                              # (default: true) USE Satellite Module
fe.protection.use.plethora.keyboard.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Keyboard
fe.protection.use.plethora.module.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Introspection module
fe.protection.use.plethora.neuralconnector.*                                              # (default: true) USE Neural connector
fe.protection.use.plethora.neuralinterface.*                                              # (default: true) USE Neural interface
fe.protection.use.plustic.alumiteingot.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Alumite Ingot
fe.protection.use.plustic.alumitenugget.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Alumite Nugget
fe.protection.use.plustic.battery_cell.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Battery Cell
fe.protection.use.plustic.invaringot.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Invar Ingot
fe.protection.use.plustic.invarnugget.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Nugget
fe.protection.use.plustic.laser_medium.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Laser Medium
fe.protection.use.plustic.mirioningot.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Mirion Ingot
fe.protection.use.plustic.mirionnugget.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Mirion Nugget
fe.protection.use.plustic.osgloglasingot.*                                                # (default: true) USE Osgloglas Ingot
fe.protection.use.plustic.osgloglasnugget.*                                               # (default: true) USE Osgloglas Nugget
fe.protection.use.plustic.osmiridiumingot.*                                               # (default: true) USE Osmiridium Ingot
fe.protection.use.plustic.osmiridiumnugget.*                                              # (default: true) USE Osmiridium Nugget
fe.protection.use.plustic.pipe_piece.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pipe Piece
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.advanced_pcb.*                                           # (default: true) USE Advanced PCB
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.air_canister.*                                           # (default: true) USE Air Canister
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.air_grate_module.*                                       # (default: true) USE Air Grate Tube Module
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.amadron_tablet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Amadron Tablet
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.armor_upgrade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Armor Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.assembly_program.*                                       # (default: true) USE Assembly Program: Drill
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.block_tracker_upgrade.*                                  # (default: true) USE Block Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.camo_applicator.*                                        # (default: true) USE Camouflage Applicator
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.cannon_barrel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Cannon Barrel
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.capacitor.*                                              # (default: true) USE Capacitor
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.charging_module.*                                        # (default: true) USE Charging Module
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.charging_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) USE Charging Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.compressed_iron_gear.*                                   # (default: true) USE Compressed Iron Gear
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.coordinate_tracker_upgrade.*                             # (default: true) USE Coordinate Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.creative_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) USE Creative Supply Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.crop_support.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crop Support
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.dispenser_upgrade.*                                      # (default: true) USE Dispenser Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.drone.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Drone
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.empty_pcb.*                                              # (default: true) USE Empty PCB
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.entity_tracker_upgrade.*                                 # (default: true) USE Entity Tracker Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.failed_pcb.*                                             # (default: true) USE Failed PCB
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.flow_detector_module.*                                   # (default: true) USE Flow Detector Tube Module
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.gps_area_tool.*                                          # (default: true) USE GPS Area Tool
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.gps_tool.*                                               # (default: true) USE GPS Tool
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo.*                                               # (default: true) USE Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_ap.*                                            # (default: true) USE Armor-Piercing Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_explosive.*                                     # (default: true) USE Explosive Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_freezing.*                                      # (default: true) USE Freezing Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_incendiary.*                                    # (default: true) USE Incendiary Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.gun_ammo_weighted.*                                      # (default: true) USE Weighted Minigun Ammo
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.harvesting_drone.*                                       # (default: true) USE Harvesting Drone
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.heat_frame.*                                             # (default: true) USE Heat Frame
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.ingot_iron_compressed.*                                  # (default: true) USE Compressed Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.item_life_upgrade.*                                      # (default: true) USE Item Life Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.jet_boots_upgrade.*                                      # (default: true) USE Jet Boots Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.logistic_drone.*                                         # (default: true) USE Logistic Drone
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_active_provider.*                         # (default: true) USE Logistic Active Provider Frame
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_default_storage.*                         # (default: true) USE Logistic Default Storage Frame
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_passive_provider.*                        # (default: true) USE Logistic Passive Provider Frame
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_requester.*                               # (default: true) USE Logistic Requester Frame
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.logistic_frame_storage.*                                 # (default: true) USE Logistic Storage Frame
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.logistics_configurator.*                                 # (default: true) USE Logistics Configurator
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.logistics_module.*                                       # (default: true) USE Logistics Module
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.magnet_upgrade.*                                         # (default: true) USE Magnet Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.manometer.*                                              # (default: true) USE Manometer
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.micromissiles.*                                          # (default: true) USE Micromissiles
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.minigun.*                                                # (default: true) USE Minigun
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.network_component.*                                      # (default: true) USE Diagnostic Subroutine
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.night_vision_upgrade.*                                   # (default: true) USE Night Vision Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.nuke_virus.*                                             # (default: true) USE Nuke Virus
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.pcb_blueprint.*                                          # (default: true) USE PCB Blueprint
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.plastic.*                                                # (default: true) USE Black Plastic
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_boots.*                                        # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Boots
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_chestplate.*                                   # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Chestplate
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_cylinder.*                                     # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Cylinder
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_helmet.*                                       # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Helmet
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_leggings.*                                     # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Leggings
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_wrench.*                                       # (default: true) USE Pneumatic Wrench
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.pressure_gauge.*                                         # (default: true) USE Pressure Gauge
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.pressure_gauge_module.*                                  # (default: true) USE Pressure Gauge Tube Module
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.printed_circuit_board.*                                  # (default: true) USE Printed Circuit Board
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.programming_puzzle.*                                     # (default: true) USE Black Programming Puzzle
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.range_upgrade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Range Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.redstone_module.*                                        # (default: true) USE Redstone Module
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.regulator_tube_module.*                                  # (default: true) USE Regulator Tube Module
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.reinforced_air_canister.*                                # (default: true) USE Reinforced Air Canister
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.remote.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Remote
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.safety_tube_module.*                                     # (default: true) USE Safety Tube Module
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.scuba_upgrade.*                                          # (default: true) USE SCUBA Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.search_upgrade.*                                         # (default: true) USE Item Search Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.security_upgrade.*                                       # (default: true) USE Security Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.seismic_sensor.*                                         # (default: true) USE Seismic Sensor
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.spawner_agitator.*                                       # (default: true) USE Spawner Agitator
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.speed_upgrade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.stone_base.*                                             # (default: true) USE Stone Base
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.stop_worm.*                                              # (default: true) USE STOP! Worm
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.thaumcraft_upgrade.*                                     # (default: true) USE Thaumcraft Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.transfer_gadget.*                                        # (default: true) USE Transfer Gadget
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.transistor.*                                             # (default: true) USE Transistor
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.turbine_blade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.turbine_rotor.*                                          # (default: true) USE Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.unassembled_pcb.*                                        # (default: true) USE Unassembled PCB
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.volume_upgrade.*                                         # (default: true) USE Volume Upgrade
fe.protection.use.pneumaticcraft.vortex_cannon.*                                          # (default: true) USE Vortex Cannon
fe.protection.use.portalgun.item_dust_ender_pearl.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl Dust
fe.protection.use.portalgun.item_miniature_black_hole.*                                   # (default: true) USE Miniature Black Hole
fe.protection.use.portalgun.item_portalgun.*                                              # (default: true) USE Portal Gun
fe.protection.use.powersuits.power_fist.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Power Fist
fe.protection.use.powersuits.powerarmor_feet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Power Armor Boots
fe.protection.use.powersuits.powerarmor_head.*                                            # (default: true) USE Power Armor Helmet
fe.protection.use.powersuits.powerarmor_legs.*                                            # (default: true) USE Power Armor Leggings
fe.protection.use.powersuits.powerarmor_torso.*                                           # (default: true) USE Power Armor Chestplate
fe.protection.use.powersuits.powerarmorcomponent.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wiring
fe.protection.use.projectred-core.drawplate.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.projectred.core.drawplate.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-core.multimeter.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.projectred.core.multimeter.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-core.resource_item.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.projectred.core.itemResource.plate.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-core.screwdriver.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.projectred.core.screwdriver.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.charged_battery.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.battery.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.electric_screwdriver.*                             # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.screwdriverElectric.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.empty_battery.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.batteryEmpty.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*                              # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.enderPearlInfused.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.jetpack.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.jetpack.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.plan.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.plan.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.solar_panel.*                                      # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.solarPanel.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.athame.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.athame.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.backpack.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.backpack|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.diamond_sickle.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleDiamond.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.golden_saw.*                                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sawGold.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.golden_sickle.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleGold.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.iron_sickle.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleIron.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_axe.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.axePeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_boots.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.bootsPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_chestplate.*                             # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.chestplatePeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_helmet.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.helmetPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.hoePeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_leggings.*                               # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.leggingsPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.pickaxePeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_saw.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sawPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_shovel.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.shovelPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_sickle.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sicklePeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_sword.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.swordPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_axe.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.axeRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_boots.*                                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.bootsRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_chestplate.*                                # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.chestplateRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_helmet.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.helmetRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_hoe.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.hoeRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_leggings.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.leggingsRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_pickaxe.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_saw.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sawRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_shovel.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.shovelRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_sickle.*                                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_sword.*                                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.swordRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_axe.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.axeSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_boots.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.bootsSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_chestplate.*                            # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.chestplateSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_helmet.*                                # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.helmetSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_hoe.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.hoeSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_leggings.*                              # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.leggingsSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_saw.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sawSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_shovel.*                                # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.shovelSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sickle.*                                # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sword.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.swordSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.stone_sickle.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleStone.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.wooden_sickle.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleWood.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.wool_gin.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.woolGin.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-fabrication.ic_blueprint.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.fabrication.icBlueprint.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-fabrication.ic_chip.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.projectred.fabrication.icChip|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.cage_lamp.*                                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.cageLamp|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.fallout_lamp.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.falloutLamp|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.feedback_light_button.*                         # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.lightButtonFeedback|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.fixture_light.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLight|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.inverted_cage_lamp.*                            # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.cageLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.inverted_fallout_lamp.*                         # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.falloutLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.inverted_fixture_light.*                        # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLightInverted|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.inverted_lantern.*                              # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.lanternInverted|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.lantern.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.lantern|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.light_button.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.lightButton|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-integration.gate.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.projectred.integration.gate|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-transmission.framed_wire.*                                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.transmission.wireFramed|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-transmission.wire.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.projectred.transmission.wire|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-transportation.pipe.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.projectred.transportation.pipe|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-transportation.router_utility.*                              # (default: true) USE item.projectred.transportation.routerUtility.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-transportation.routing_chip.*                                # (default: true) USE item.projectred.transportation.routingChip|0.name
fe.protection.use.quark.ancient_tome.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Ancient Tome
fe.protection.use.quark.archaeologist_hat.*                                               # (default: true) USE Archaeologist Hat
fe.protection.use.quark.arrow_ender.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ender Arrow
fe.protection.use.quark.arrow_explosive.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Explosive Arrow
fe.protection.use.quark.arrow_torch.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Torch Arrow
fe.protection.use.quark.chain.*                                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Chain
fe.protection.use.quark.colored_item_frame.*                                              # (default: true) USE White Item Frame
fe.protection.use.quark.cooked_crab_leg.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cooked Crab Leg
fe.protection.use.quark.crab_leg.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Crab Leg
fe.protection.use.quark.crab_shell.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Crab Shell Fragment
fe.protection.use.quark.diamond_heart.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Heart of Diamond
fe.protection.use.quark.enderdragon_scale.*                                               # (default: true) USE Dragon Scale
fe.protection.use.quark.glass_item_frame.*                                                # (default: true) USE Glass Item Frame
fe.protection.use.quark.glass_shards.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Glass Shard
fe.protection.use.quark.horse_whistle.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Horse Whistle
fe.protection.use.quark.parrot_egg.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Red Parrot Egg
fe.protection.use.quark.pickarang.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Pickarang
fe.protection.use.quark.pirate_hat.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Pirate Hat
fe.protection.use.quark.root.*                                                            # (default: true) USE Cave Root
fe.protection.use.quark.root_dye.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Blue Dye
fe.protection.use.quark.root_flower.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Blue Sprout
fe.protection.use.quark.rune.*                                                            # (default: true) USE White Rune
fe.protection.use.quark.slime_bucket.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Slime in a Bucket
fe.protection.use.quark.soul_bead.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Soul Bead
fe.protection.use.quark.soul_powder.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Soul Powder
fe.protection.use.quark.tallow.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Tallow
fe.protection.use.quark.trowel.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Trowel
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_boots_steel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_chestplate_steel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_goggles.*                                               # (default: true) USE Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_helmet_steel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_leggings_steel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_overalls.*                                              # (default: true) USE Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.use.railcraft.backpack_apothecary_t1.*                                      # (default: true) USE Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.use.railcraft.backpack_apothecary_t2.*                                      # (default: true) USE Woven Apothecary's Backpack
fe.protection.use.railcraft.backpack_iceman_t1.*                                          # (default: true) USE Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.railcraft.backpack_iceman_t2.*                                          # (default: true) USE Woven Iceman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.railcraft.backpack_signalman_t1.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.railcraft.backpack.signalman.t1.name
fe.protection.use.railcraft.backpack_signalman_t2.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.railcraft.backpack.signalman.t2.name
fe.protection.use.railcraft.backpack_trackman_t1.*                                        # (default: true) USE Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.railcraft.backpack_trackman_t2.*                                        # (default: true) USE Woven Trackman's Backpack
fe.protection.use.railcraft.bore.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.use.railcraft.borehead_bronze.*                                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Bore Head
fe.protection.use.railcraft.borehead_diamond.*                                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.use.railcraft.borehead_iron.*                                               # (default: true) USE Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.use.railcraft.borehead_steel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_bed.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bed Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_cargo.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Cargo Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_chest_metals.*                                           # (default: true) USE Metals Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_chest_void.*                                             # (default: true) USE Void Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_gift.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Gift Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_ic2_batbox.*                                             # (default: true) USE Batbox Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_ic2_cesu.*                                               # (default: true) USE CESU Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_ic2_mfe.*                                                # (default: true) USE MFE Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_jukebox.*                                                # (default: true) USE Jukebox Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_pumpkin.*                                                # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_redstone_flux.*                                          # (default: true) USE Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_spawner.*                                                # (default: true) USE Spawner Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_tank.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tank Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_tnt_wood.*                                               # (default: true) USE Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_trade_station.*                                          # (default: true) USE Trade Station Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_work.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Work Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_worldspike_admin.*                                       # (default: true) USE Admin Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_worldspike_personal.*                                    # (default: true) USE Personal Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_worldspike_standard.*                                    # (default: true) USE Standard Worldspike Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.charge.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Charge Coil
fe.protection.use.railcraft.circuit.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Controller Circuit
fe.protection.use.railcraft.concrete.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Bag of Cement
fe.protection.use.railcraft.dust.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.use.railcraft.filter_bee.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bee Filter
fe.protection.use.railcraft.filter_bee_genome.*                                           # (default: true) USE Bee Genome Filter
fe.protection.use.railcraft.filter_blank.*                                                # (default: true) USE Blank Filter
fe.protection.use.railcraft.filter_ore_dict.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ore Dictionary Filter
fe.protection.use.railcraft.filter_type.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Item Type Filter
fe.protection.use.railcraft.firestone_cracked.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.use.railcraft.firestone_cut.*                                               # (default: true) USE Cut Firestone
fe.protection.use.railcraft.firestone_raw.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Firestone
fe.protection.use.railcraft.firestone_refined.*                                           # (default: true) USE Refined Firestone
fe.protection.use.railcraft.fluid_bottle_creosote.*                                       # (default: true) USE Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.use.railcraft.fluid_bottle_steam.*                                          # (default: true) USE Steam Bottle
fe.protection.use.railcraft.fuel_coke.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Coal Coke
fe.protection.use.railcraft.gear.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Brass Gear
fe.protection.use.railcraft.ingot.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.railcraft.locomotive_creative.*                                         # (default: true) USE Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.use.railcraft.locomotive_electric.*                                         # (default: true) USE Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.use.railcraft.locomotive_steam_solid.*                                      # (default: true) USE Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.use.railcraft.mow_track_layer.*                                             # (default: true) USE Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.mow_track_relayer.*                                           # (default: true) USE Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.mow_track_remover.*                                           # (default: true) USE Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.mow_undercutter.*                                             # (default: true) USE Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.nugget.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Nugget
fe.protection.use.railcraft.plate.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.railcraft.rail.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Standard Rail
fe.protection.use.railcraft.railbed.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.use.railcraft.rebar.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Rebar
fe.protection.use.railcraft.routing_table.*                                               # (default: true) USE Routing Table
fe.protection.use.railcraft.routing_ticket.*                                              # (default: true) USE Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.railcraft.routing_ticket_gold.*                                         # (default: true) USE Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.railcraft.signal_lamp.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Signal Lamp
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tie.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Tie
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_axe_steel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_charge_meter.*                                           # (default: true) USE Charge Meter
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_crowbar_iron.*                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Crowbar
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_crowbar_seasons.*                                        # (default: true) USE Crowbar of Seasons
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_crowbar_steel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Steel Crowbar
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_hoe_steel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_magnifying_glass.*                                       # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_notepad.*                                                # (default: true) USE Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_pickaxe_steel.*                                          # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_shears_steel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steel Shears
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_shovel_steel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_signal_label.*                                           # (default: true) USE Signal Label
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_signal_surveyor.*                                        # (default: true) USE Signal Surveyor
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_signal_tuner.*                                           # (default: true) USE Signal Tuner
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_iron.*                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Spike Maul
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_steel.*                                       # (default: true) USE Steel Spike Maul
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_sword_steel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_whistle_tuner.*                                          # (default: true) USE Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.use.railcraft.track_kit.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Invalid Track Kit§r
fe.protection.use.railcraft.track_parts.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Track Parts
fe.protection.use.railcraft.turbine_blade.*                                               # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.railcraft.turbine_disk.*                                                # (default: true) USE Turbine Disk
fe.protection.use.railcraft.turbine_rotor.*                                               # (default: true) USE Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.artifact_generation_tag.*                                    # (default: true) USE Artifact Generation Tag
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.block_selector.*                                             # (default: true) USE Block Selector
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.block_selector_floating.*                                    # (default: true) USE Floating Block Selector
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.book_generation_tag.*                                        # (default: true) USE Book Generation Tag
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.inspector.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Inspector
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.inventory_generation_component_tag.*                         # (default: true) USE Loot Table Component Tag
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.inventory_generation_single_tag.*                            # (default: true) USE Single Loot Generation Tag
fe.protection.use.reccomplex.inventory_generation_tag.*                                   # (default: true) USE Loot Generation Tag
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.armor.boots_flux.*                                      # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Boots
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.armor.helmet_flux.*                                     # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Helm
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.armor.legs_flux.*                                       # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Leggings
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.armor.plate_flux.*                                      # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Chestplate
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.material.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fluxed Electrum Blend
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.axe_flux.*                                         # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Axe
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.battlewrench_flux.*                                # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused BattleWrench
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.bow_flux.*                                         # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Bow
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.excavator_flux.*                                   # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Excavator
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.fishing_rod_flux.*                                 # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.hammer_flux.*                                      # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Hammer
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.pickaxe_flux.*                                     # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.shield_flux.*                                      # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Shield
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.shovel_flux.*                                      # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Shovel
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.sickle_flux.*                                      # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Sickle
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.sword_flux.*                                       # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Sword
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.tool.wrench_flux.*                                      # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused OmniWrench
fe.protection.use.redstonearsenal.util.quiver_flux.*                                      # (default: true) USE Flux-Infused Quiver
fe.protection.use.reforged.arrow_bundle.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Arrow Bundle
fe.protection.use.reforged.blowgun.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Blowgun
fe.protection.use.reforged.blunderbuss.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Blunderbuss
fe.protection.use.reforged.blunderbuss_barrel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blunderbuss Barrel
fe.protection.use.reforged.blunderbuss_bullet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Blunderbuss Shot
fe.protection.use.reforged.crossbow.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Crossbow
fe.protection.use.reforged.crossbow_bolt.*                                                # (default: true) USE Crossbow Bolt
fe.protection.use.reforged.dart_hunger.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dart of Hunger
fe.protection.use.reforged.dart_normal.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Normal Dart
fe.protection.use.reforged.dart_poison.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Poisonous Dart
fe.protection.use.reforged.dart_poison_strong.*                                           # (default: true) USE Very Poisionous Dart
fe.protection.use.reforged.dart_slowness.*                                                # (default: true) USE Dart of Slowness
fe.protection.use.reforged.dart_wither.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Dart of the Wither
fe.protection.use.reforged.diamond_dirk.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Dirk
fe.protection.use.reforged.diamond_katana.*                                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Katana
fe.protection.use.reforged.diamond_mace.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Mace
fe.protection.use.reforged.diamond_pike.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Pike
fe.protection.use.reforged.diamond_saber.*                                                # (default: true) USE Diamond Saber
fe.protection.use.reforged.dummy.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Training Dummy
fe.protection.use.reforged.dynamite.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Dynamite
fe.protection.use.reforged.firerod.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Firerod
fe.protection.use.reforged.golden_dirk.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Golden Dirk
fe.protection.use.reforged.golden_katana.*                                                # (default: true) USE Golden Katana
fe.protection.use.reforged.golden_mace.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Golden Mace
fe.protection.use.reforged.golden_pike.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Golden Pike
fe.protection.use.reforged.golden_saber.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Golden Saber
fe.protection.use.reforged.gun_stock.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Gun Stock
fe.protection.use.reforged.iron_dirk.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Dirk
fe.protection.use.reforged.iron_katana.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Katana
fe.protection.use.reforged.iron_mace.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Mace
fe.protection.use.reforged.iron_pike.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Pike
fe.protection.use.reforged.iron_saber.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Saber
fe.protection.use.reforged.javelin.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Javelin
fe.protection.use.reforged.keris.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Kris
fe.protection.use.reforged.musket.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Musket
fe.protection.use.reforged.musket_barrel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Musket Barrel
fe.protection.use.reforged.musket_bullet.*                                                # (default: true) USE Musket Ball
fe.protection.use.reforged.nest_of_bees.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Nest Of Bees
fe.protection.use.reforged.stone_dirk.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Dirk
fe.protection.use.reforged.stone_katana.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Stone Katana
fe.protection.use.reforged.stone_mace.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Mace
fe.protection.use.reforged.stone_pike.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Pike
fe.protection.use.reforged.stone_saber.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Stone Saber
fe.protection.use.reforged.tab_icon.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Ignore me!
fe.protection.use.reforged.tab_icon_integration.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ignore me!
fe.protection.use.reforged.wooden_dirk.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wooden Dirk
fe.protection.use.reforged.wooden_katana.*                                                # (default: true) USE Wooden Katana
fe.protection.use.reforged.wooden_mace.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wooden Mace
fe.protection.use.reforged.wooden_pike.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wooden Pike
fe.protection.use.reforged.wooden_saber.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wooden Saber
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.itemfluxpack.*                                           # (default: true) USE Creative Fluxpack
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.itemjetpack.*                                            # (default: true) USE Creative Jetpack
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.metaitem.*                                               # (default: true) USE Particle Customizer (Default)
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.metaitemmods.*                                           # (default: true) USE Iron Thruster
fe.protection.use.simplyjetpacks.pilot_goggles.*                                          # (default: true) USE Pilot Goggles
fe.protection.use.statues.hammer.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Hammer
fe.protection.use.statues.palette.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Palette
fe.protection.use.stevescarts.cartmodule.*                                                # (default: true) USE Coal Engine
fe.protection.use.stevescarts.modularcart.*                                               # (default: true) USE Modular Cart
fe.protection.use.stevescarts.modulecomponents.*                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Wheels
fe.protection.use.superfactorymanager.disk.*                                              # (default: true) USE Memory Disc
fe.protection.use.supersoundmuffler.sound_muffler_bauble.*                                # (default: true) USE Super Sound Muffler
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.arrow.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                                                # (default: true) USE Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.axe_head.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Axe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.battlesign.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Battlesign
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.binding.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Binding
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bolt.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Bolt
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Bolt Core
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.book.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Materials and You
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Bowlimb
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bow_string.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Bowstring
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                                             # (default: true) USE Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broadsword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Broadsword
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cast.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blank Cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ingot Cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cleaver.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cleaver
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                                                # (default: true) USE Cross Guard
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.crossbow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Crossbow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.edible.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Bacon
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.excavator.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Excavator
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                                             # (default: true) USE Excavator Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.fletching.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Fletching
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.frypan.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Frypan
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hammer.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Hammer
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                                                # (default: true) USE Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Hand Guard
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hatchet.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Hatchet
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ingots.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.kama.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Kama
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.kama_head.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Kama Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.large_plate.*                                                # (default: true) USE Large Plate
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                                          # (default: true) USE Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.longbow.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Longbow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.longsword.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Longsword
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Lumberaxe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.materials.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Seared Brick
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.mattock.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mattock
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                                             # (default: true) USE Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.nuggets.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pan_head.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Pan
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pattern.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Pattern
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pick_head.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                                              # (default: true) USE Piggybackpack
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.rapier.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Rapier
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.scythe.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Scythe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                                                # (default: true) USE Scythe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shard.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Shard
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shortbow.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Shortbow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shovel.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Shovel
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                                                # (default: true) USE Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shuriken.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Shuriken
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sign_head.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Sign Plate
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Slime Boots
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slimesling.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Slimesling
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                                                # (default: true) USE Stone Rod
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.throwball.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Glowball
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tool Rod
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tough Binding
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Wide Guard
fe.protection.use.teslacorelib.base_addon.*                                               # (default: true) USE Base Addon
fe.protection.use.teslacorelib.energy_tier1.*                                             # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade I
fe.protection.use.teslacorelib.energy_tier2.*                                             # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade II
fe.protection.use.teslacorelib.speed_tier1.*                                              # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade I
fe.protection.use.teslacorelib.speed_tier2.*                                              # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade II
fe.protection.use.teslacorelib.wrench.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Tesla Wrench
fe.protection.use.testdummy.dummy.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Training Dummy
fe.protection.use.thaumcomp.sealconnector.*                                               # (default: true) USE Golem Seal Connector
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.alumentum.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Alumentum
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.amber.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Amber
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.amulet_vis.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Vis Stone
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.bath_salts.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.baubles.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.bottle_taint.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bottle of Taint
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.brain.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Zombie Brain
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.caster_basic.*                                               # (default: true) USE Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.causality_collapser.*                                        # (default: true) USE Causality Collapser
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.celestial_notes.*                                            # (default: true) USE Celestial Notes
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.charm_undying.*                                              # (default: true) USE Charm of Undying
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.chunk.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Beef Nugget
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.cloth_boots.*                                                # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.cloth_chest.*                                                # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.cloth_legs.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.cloud_ring.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Cloudstepper Ring
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.cluster.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Native Iron Cluster
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.creative_flux_sponge.*                                       # (default: true) USE Flux Sponge
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_blade.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crimson Blade
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_boots.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_chest.*                                        # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_helm.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_legs.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_chest.*                                      # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_helm.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_legs.*                                       # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_chest.*                                         # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_helm.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_legs.*                                          # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crystal_essence.*                                            # (default: true) USE %s Vis Crystal
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.curio.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Arcane Curiosity
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.curiosity_band.*                                             # (default: true) USE Headband of Curiosity
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.elemental_axe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.elemental_hoe.*                                              # (default: true) USE Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.elemental_pick.*                                             # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.elemental_shovel.*                                           # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.elemental_sword.*                                            # (default: true) USE Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.enchanted_placeholder.*                                      # (default: true) USE Any enchanted item
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.fabric.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Enchanted Fabric
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.filter.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Essentia Filter
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.focus_1.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Lesser Focus
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.focus_2.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Advanced Focus
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.focus_3.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Greater Focus
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.focus_pouch.*                                                # (default: true) USE Focus Pouch
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.fortress_chest.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.fortress_helm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.fortress_legs.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.goggles.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.golem.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Golem
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.golem_bell.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.grapple_gun.*                                                # (default: true) USE Arcane Grappler
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_spool.*                                          # (default: true) USE Grappler Spool
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_tip.*                                            # (default: true) USE Grappler Head
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.hand_mirror.*                                                # (default: true) USE Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.ingot.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Thaumium Ingot
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.jar_brace.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Brass Lid Brace
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.label.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Blank Label
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.loot_bag.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Common Treasure
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.mechanism_complex.*                                          # (default: true) USE Complex Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.mechanism_simple.*                                           # (default: true) USE Simple Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.mind.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Clockwork Mind
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.mirrored_glass.*                                             # (default: true) USE Mirrored Glass
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.module.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Vision Module
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.morphic_resonator.*                                          # (default: true) USE Morphic Resonator
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.nugget.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.pech_wand.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Pech Wand
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.phial.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Glass Phial
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.plate.*                                                      # (default: true) USE Brass Plate
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.primal_crusher.*                                             # (default: true) USE Primal Crusher
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.primordial_pearl.*                                           # (default: true) USE Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.quicksilver.*                                                # (default: true) USE Quicksilver
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.resonator.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.salis_mundus.*                                               # (default: true) USE Salis Mundus
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.sanity_checker.*                                             # (default: true) USE Sanity Checker
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.sanity_soap.*                                                # (default: true) USE Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.scribing_tools.*                                             # (default: true) USE Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.seal.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Blank Seal
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.tallow.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Magic Tallow
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_axe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_boots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_chest.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_helm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_hoe.*                                               # (default: true) USE Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_legs.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_pick.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_shovel.*                                            # (default: true) USE Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_sword.*                                             # (default: true) USE Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumometer.*                                                # (default: true) USE Thaumometer
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumonomicon.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.traveller_boots.*                                            # (default: true) USE Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.triple_meat_treat.*                                          # (default: true) USE Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.turret.*                                                     # (default: true) USE Automated Crossbow
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.verdant_charm.*                                              # (default: true) USE Verdant Heart Charm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.vis_resonator.*                                              # (default: true) USE Vis Resonator
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_axe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Void Axe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_boots.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Void Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Void Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_helm.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Void Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_hoe.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Void Hoe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_legs.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Void Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_pick.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_robe_chest.*                                            # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_robe_helm.*                                             # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_robe_legs.*                                             # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_seed.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Void Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_shovel.*                                                # (default: true) USE Void Shovel
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_sword.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Void Sword
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.voidseer_charm.*                                             # (default: true) USE Voidseer's Pearl
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door.*                                       # (default: true) USE Greatwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.augment_builder_effect.*                            # (default: true) USE item..name
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.augment_builder_power.*                             # (default: true) USE item..name
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.augment_caster_rift_energy_storage.*                # (default: true) USE Impetus Conductor
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.augment_custom.*                                    # (default: true) USE Modular Caster Augment
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.augment_vis_battery.*                               # (default: true) USE Vis Battery Augment
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.autocaster_placer.*                                 # (default: true) USE Autocaster
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.biome_selector.*                                    # (default: true) USE Biome Focus
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.celestial_observer_placer.*                         # (default: true) USE Celestial Observer
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock_key.*                                 # (default: true) USE Runed Tablet
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.elytra_harness.*                                    # (default: true) USE Elytra Harness
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.elytra_harness_augment.*                            # (default: true) USE Impetus Thruster Upgrade
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.focus_ancient.*                                     # (default: true) USE Ancient Focus
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.fracture_locator.*                                  # (default: true) USE Fracture Locator
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.gauntlet.*                                          # (default: true) USE Thaumium Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_linker.*                                    # (default: true) USE Impetus Resonator
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.impulse_cannon.*                                    # (default: true) USE Impulse Cannon
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.impulse_cannon_augment.*                            # (default: true) USE Railgun Conversion
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.key.*                                               # (default: true) USE Iron Key
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.material.*                                          # (default: true) USE Vis Regeneration Lattice
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.morphic_tool.*                                      # (default: true) USE Morphic Tool
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk_placer.*                                    # (default: true) USE Eldritch Obelisk
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.primal_cutter.*                                     # (default: true) USE Primal Cutter
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.research_notes.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tattered Scrolls
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.rift_seed.*                                         # (default: true) USE Flux Rift Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.seal_copier.*                                       # (default: true) USE Seal Copier
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) USE Robe of the Adept
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_hood.*                               # (default: true) USE Hood of the Adept
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.thaumium_robes_leggings.*                           # (default: true) USE Leggings of the Adept
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.thaumostatic_harness.*                              # (default: true) USE Thaumostatic Harness
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.thaumostatic_harness_augment.*                      # (default: true) USE Gyroscope Upgrade
fe.protection.use.thaumicaugmentation.void_boots.*                                        # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.arcane_terminal.*                                    # (default: true) USE Arcane Crafting Terminal
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.coalescence_core.*                                   # (default: true) USE Coalescence Core
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.diffusion_core.*                                     # (default: true) USE Diffusion Core
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.dummy_aspect.*                                       # (default: true) USE [ERROR] Report to mod dev
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_16k.*                                  # (default: true) USE 16k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_1k.*                                   # (default: true) USE 1k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_4k.*                                   # (default: true) USE 4k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_64k.*                                  # (default: true) USE 64k ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_cell_creative.*                             # (default: true) USE Creative ME Essentia Storage Cell
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_16k.*                             # (default: true) USE 16k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_1k.*                              # (default: true) USE 1k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_4k.*                              # (default: true) USE 4k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_component_64k.*                             # (default: true) USE 64k ME Essentia Storage Component
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_export.*                                    # (default: true) USE ME Essentia Export Bus
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_import.*                                    # (default: true) USE ME Essentia Import Bus
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_storage.*                                   # (default: true) USE ME Essentia Storage Bus
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.essentia_terminal.*                                  # (default: true) USE ME Essentia Terminal
fe.protection.use.thaumicenergistics.upgrade_arcane.*                                     # (default: true) USE Arcane Charging Upgrade
fe.protection.use.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz.*                                          # (default: true) USE Smokey Quartz
fe.protection.use.thaumictinkerer.blood_sword.*                                           # (default: true) USE Cursed Spirit's Blade
fe.protection.use.thaumictinkerer.connector.*                                             # (default: true) USE Transvector Binder
fe.protection.use.thaumictinkerer.energetic_nitor.*                                       # (default: true) USE Energetic Nitor
fe.protection.use.thaumictinkerer.mob_aspect.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.thaumictinkerer:mob_aspect.name
fe.protection.use.thaumictinkerer.share_book.*                                            # (default: true) USE Tome of Knowledge Sharing
fe.protection.use.thaumictinkerer.soul_mould.*                                            # (default: true) USE Soul Mould
fe.protection.use.thaumictinkerer.spellbinding_cloth.*                                    # (default: true) USE Spellbinding Cloth
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.alchemist_stone.*                                        # (default: true) USE Alchemist's Stone
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.alienist_stone.*                                         # (default: true) USE Alienist's Stone
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.bone_bow.*                                               # (default: true) USE Bow of Bone
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.cinderpearl_seed.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cinderpearl Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.cleansing_charm.*                                        # (default: true) USE Cleansing Charm
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.disjunction_cloth.*                                      # (default: true) USE Disjunction Cloth
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.eldritch_cluster.*                                       # (default: true) USE Eldritch Iron Cluster
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.flying_carpet.*                                          # (default: true) USE Flying Carpet
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.lethe_water.*                                            # (default: true) USE Lethe Water
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.night_vision_goggles.*                                   # (default: true) USE Night-Vision Goggles
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.panacea.*                                                # (default: true) USE Panacea
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.primal_arrow.*                                           # (default: true) USE Air Arrow
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.primal_destroyer.*                                       # (default: true) USE Primal Destroyer
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.primordial_grain.*                                       # (default: true) USE Primordial Grain
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.shimmerleaf_seed.*                                       # (default: true) USE Shimmerleaf Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.structure_diviner.*                                      # (default: true) USE Structure Diviner
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.timewinder.*                                             # (default: true) USE Timewinder
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.transmuter_stone.*                                       # (default: true) USE Transmuter's Stone
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.vishroom_spore.*                                         # (default: true) USE Vishroom Spore
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_chest.*                                    # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_helm.*                                     # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumicwonders.void_fortress_legs.*                                     # (default: true) USE Void Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.thaumtweaks.filler.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Arcane Filler
fe.protection.use.thermalcultivation.watering_can.*                                       # (default: true) USE Watering Can (Basic)
fe.protection.use.thermaldynamics.cover.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Invalid Cover
fe.protection.use.thermaldynamics.filter.*                                                # (default: true) USE Filter
fe.protection.use.thermaldynamics.relay.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.use.thermaldynamics.retriever.*                                             # (default: true) USE Retriever
fe.protection.use.thermaldynamics.servo.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Servo
fe.protection.use.thermalexpansion.augment.*                                              # (default: true) USE Augment: item.invalid.name
fe.protection.use.thermalexpansion.capacitor.*                                            # (default: true) USE Flux Capacitor (Basic)
fe.protection.use.thermalexpansion.florb.*                                                # (default: true) USE Florb (info.cofh.empty§r)
fe.protection.use.thermalexpansion.frame.*                                                # (default: true) USE Machine Frame
fe.protection.use.thermalexpansion.morb.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Morb (info.cofh.empty§r)
fe.protection.use.thermalexpansion.reservoir.*                                            # (default: true) USE Reservoir (Basic)
fe.protection.use.thermalexpansion.satchel.*                                              # (default: true) USE Satchel (Basic)
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_aluminum.*                                # (default: true) USE Aluminum Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_bronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_constantan.*                              # (default: true) USE Constantan Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_copper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_electrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_invar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_lead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_nickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nickel Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_platinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Platinum Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_silver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_steel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.boots_tin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Boots
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_aluminum.*                               # (default: true) USE Aluminum Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_bronze.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_constantan.*                             # (default: true) USE Constantan Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_copper.*                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_electrum.*                               # (default: true) USE Electrum Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_invar.*                                  # (default: true) USE Invar Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_lead.*                                   # (default: true) USE Lead Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_nickel.*                                 # (default: true) USE Nickel Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_platinum.*                               # (default: true) USE Platinum Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_silver.*                                 # (default: true) USE Silver Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_steel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.helmet_tin.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tin Helmet
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) USE Aluminum Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_constantan.*                               # (default: true) USE Constantan Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_copper.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) USE Electrum Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_invar.*                                    # (default: true) USE Invar Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_lead.*                                     # (default: true) USE Lead Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Nickel Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_platinum.*                                 # (default: true) USE Platinum Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_silver.*                                   # (default: true) USE Silver Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_steel.*                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.legs_tin.*                                      # (default: true) USE Tin Leggings
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_aluminum.*                                # (default: true) USE Aluminum Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_bronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_constantan.*                              # (default: true) USE Constantan Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_copper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_electrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_invar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_lead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_nickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nickel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_platinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Platinum Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_silver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_steel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.armor.plate_tin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.bait.*                                                # (default: true) USE Aqua-Chow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.coin.*                                                # (default: true) USE Iron Coin
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.diagram_redprint.*                                    # (default: true) USE Redprint
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.dye.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Black Pigment
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.fertilizer.*                                          # (default: true) USE Phyto-Gro
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.geode.*                                               # (default: true) USE Geode
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_aluminum.*                                # (default: true) USE Aluminum Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_bronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_constantan.*                              # (default: true) USE Constantan Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_copper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_electrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_invar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_lead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_nickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nickel Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_platinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Platinum Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_silver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_steel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.horse_armor_tin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.material.*                                            # (default: true) USE Pulverized Iron
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.meter.*                                               # (default: true) USE Multimeter
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.security.*                                            # (default: true) USE Signalum Security Lock
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tome_experience.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tome of Knowledge
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tome_lexicon.*                                        # (default: true) USE Forge Lexicon
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_aluminum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Aluminum Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_bronze.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_constantan.*                                 # (default: true) USE Constantan Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_copper.*                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_electrum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Electrum Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_invar.*                                      # (default: true) USE Invar Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_lead.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lead Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_nickel.*                                     # (default: true) USE Nickel Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_platinum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Platinum Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_silver.*                                     # (default: true) USE Silver Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_steel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.axe_tin.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tin Axe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_aluminum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Aluminum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_bronze.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_constantan.*                                 # (default: true) USE Constantan Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_copper.*                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_diamond.*                                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_electrum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Electrum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_gold.*                                       # (default: true) USE Gold Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_invar.*                                      # (default: true) USE Invar Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_iron.*                                       # (default: true) USE Iron Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_lead.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lead Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_nickel.*                                     # (default: true) USE Nickel Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_platinum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Platinum Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_silver.*                                     # (default: true) USE Silver Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_steel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_stone.*                                      # (default: true) USE Stone Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.bow_tin.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tin Reinforced Bow
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_aluminum.*                             # (default: true) USE Aluminum Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_bronze.*                               # (default: true) USE Bronze Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_constantan.*                           # (default: true) USE Constantan Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_copper.*                               # (default: true) USE Copper Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_diamond.*                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_electrum.*                             # (default: true) USE Electrum Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_gold.*                                 # (default: true) USE Gold Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_invar.*                                # (default: true) USE Invar Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_iron.*                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_lead.*                                 # (default: true) USE Lead Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_nickel.*                               # (default: true) USE Nickel Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_platinum.*                             # (default: true) USE Platinum Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_silver.*                               # (default: true) USE Silver Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_steel.*                                # (default: true) USE Steel Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_stone.*                                # (default: true) USE Stone Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_tin.*                                  # (default: true) USE Tin Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.excavator_wood.*                                 # (default: true) USE Wooden Excavator
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_aluminum.*                           # (default: true) USE Aluminum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_bronze.*                             # (default: true) USE Bronze Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_constantan.*                         # (default: true) USE Constantan Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_copper.*                             # (default: true) USE Copper Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_diamond.*                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_electrum.*                           # (default: true) USE Electrum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_gold.*                               # (default: true) USE Gold Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_invar.*                              # (default: true) USE Invar Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_iron.*                               # (default: true) USE Iron Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_lead.*                               # (default: true) USE Lead Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_nickel.*                             # (default: true) USE Nickel Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_platinum.*                           # (default: true) USE Platinum Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_silver.*                             # (default: true) USE Silver Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_steel.*                              # (default: true) USE Steel Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_stone.*                              # (default: true) USE Stone Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.fishing_rod_tin.*                                # (default: true) USE Tin Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_aluminum.*                                # (default: true) USE Aluminum Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_bronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_constantan.*                              # (default: true) USE Constantan Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_copper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_diamond.*                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_electrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_gold.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gold Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_invar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_iron.*                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_lead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_nickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nickel Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_platinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Platinum Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_silver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_steel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_stone.*                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_tin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hammer_wood.*                                    # (default: true) USE Wooden Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_aluminum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Aluminum Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_bronze.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_constantan.*                                 # (default: true) USE Constantan Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_copper.*                                     # (default: true) USE Copper Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_electrum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Electrum Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_invar.*                                      # (default: true) USE Invar Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_lead.*                                       # (default: true) USE Lead Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_nickel.*                                     # (default: true) USE Nickel Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_platinum.*                                   # (default: true) USE Platinum Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_silver.*                                     # (default: true) USE Silver Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_steel.*                                      # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.hoe_tin.*                                        # (default: true) USE Tin Hoe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_aluminum.*                               # (default: true) USE Aluminum Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_bronze.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bronze Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_constantan.*                             # (default: true) USE Constantan Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_copper.*                                 # (default: true) USE Copper Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_electrum.*                               # (default: true) USE Electrum Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_invar.*                                  # (default: true) USE Invar Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_lead.*                                   # (default: true) USE Lead Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_nickel.*                                 # (default: true) USE Nickel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_platinum.*                               # (default: true) USE Platinum Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_silver.*                                 # (default: true) USE Silver Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_steel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.pickaxe_tin.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tin Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_aluminum.*                                # (default: true) USE Aluminum Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_bronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_constantan.*                              # (default: true) USE Constantan Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_copper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_diamond.*                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_electrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_gold.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gold Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_invar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_lead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_nickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nickel Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_platinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Platinum Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_silver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_steel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_stone.*                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_tin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shears_wood.*                                    # (default: true) USE Wooden Shears
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_aluminum.*                                # (default: true) USE Aluminum Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_bronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_constantan.*                              # (default: true) USE Constantan Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_copper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_diamond.*                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_electrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_gold.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gold Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_invar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_iron.*                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_lead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_nickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nickel Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_platinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Platinum Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_silver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_steel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_stone.*                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shield_tin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Shield
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_aluminum.*                                # (default: true) USE Aluminum Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_bronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_constantan.*                              # (default: true) USE Constantan Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_copper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_electrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_invar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_lead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_nickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nickel Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_platinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Platinum Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_silver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_steel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.shovel_tin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Shovel
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_aluminum.*                                # (default: true) USE Aluminum Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_bronze.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bronze Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_constantan.*                              # (default: true) USE Constantan Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_copper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Copper Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_diamond.*                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_electrum.*                                # (default: true) USE Electrum Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_gold.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gold Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_invar.*                                   # (default: true) USE Invar Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_iron.*                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_lead.*                                    # (default: true) USE Lead Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_nickel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nickel Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_platinum.*                                # (default: true) USE Platinum Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_silver.*                                  # (default: true) USE Silver Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_steel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Steel Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_stone.*                                   # (default: true) USE Stone Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_tin.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tin Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sickle_wood.*                                    # (default: true) USE Wooden Sickle
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) USE Aluminum Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_constantan.*                               # (default: true) USE Constantan Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_copper.*                                   # (default: true) USE Copper Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) USE Electrum Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_invar.*                                    # (default: true) USE Invar Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_lead.*                                     # (default: true) USE Lead Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Nickel Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_platinum.*                                 # (default: true) USE Platinum Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_silver.*                                   # (default: true) USE Silver Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_steel.*                                    # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.tool.sword_tin.*                                      # (default: true) USE Tin Sword
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.upgrade.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hardened Upgrade Kit
fe.protection.use.thermalfoundation.wrench.*                                              # (default: true) USE Crescent Hammer
fe.protection.use.thermalinnovation.drill.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fluxbore (Basic)
fe.protection.use.thermalinnovation.injector.*                                            # (default: true) USE Hypoinfuser (Basic)
fe.protection.use.thermalinnovation.magnet.*                                              # (default: true) USE Fluxomagnet (Basic)
fe.protection.use.thermalinnovation.quiver.*                                              # (default: true) USE Alchemical Quiver (Basic)
fe.protection.use.thermalinnovation.saw.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Fluxsaw (Basic)
fe.protection.use.tinkersaddons.modifier_item.*                                           # (default: true) USE Amelioration Tome
fe.protection.use.torchmaster.frozen_pearl.*                                              # (default: true) USE Frozen Pearl
fe.protection.use.translocators.diamond_nugget.*                                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Nugget
fe.protection.use.translocators.translocator_part.*                                       # (default: true) USE Item Translocator
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.alpha_fur.*                                              # (default: true) USE Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.arctic_boots.*                                           # (default: true) USE Arctic Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.arctic_chestplate.*                                      # (default: true) USE Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.arctic_fur.*                                             # (default: true) USE Arctic Fur
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.arctic_helmet.*                                          # (default: true) USE Arctic Hood
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.arctic_leggings.*                                        # (default: true) USE Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.armor_shard.*                                            # (default: true) USE Armor Shard
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.armor_shard_cluster.*                                    # (default: true) USE Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.block_and_chain.*                                        # (default: true) USE Block and Chain
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.borer_essence.*                                          # (default: true) USE Borer Essence
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.canopy_door.*                                            # (default: true) USE Canopy Door
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.carminite.*                                              # (default: true) USE Carminite
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_1.*                                     # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_2.*                                     # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_3.*                                     # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.charm_of_life_1.*                                        # (default: true) USE Charm of Life I
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.charm_of_life_2.*                                        # (default: true) USE Charm of Life II
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.cooked_meef.*                                            # (default: true) USE Meef Steak
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.cooked_venison.*                                         # (default: true) USE Venison Steak
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.crumble_horn.*                                           # (default: true) USE Crumble Horn
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.cube_of_annihilation.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.cube_talisman.*                                          # (default: true) USE Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.dark_door.*                                              # (default: true) USE Darkwood Door
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ender_bow.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ender Bow
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                                         # (default: true) USE Experiment 115
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_blood.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fiery Blood
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_boots.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fiery Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_chestplate.*                                       # (default: true) USE Fiery Plate
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_helmet.*                                           # (default: true) USE Fiery Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_ingot.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_leggings.*                                         # (default: true) USE Fiery Legs
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_pickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Fiery Pick
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_sword.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fiery Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_tears.*                                            # (default: true) USE Fiery Tears
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.giant_pickaxe.*                                          # (default: true) USE Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.giant_sword.*                                            # (default: true) USE Giant's Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.glass_sword.*                                            # (default: true) USE Glass Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.hydra_chop.*                                             # (default: true) USE Hydra Chop
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ice_bomb.*                                               # (default: true) USE Ice Bomb
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ice_bow.*                                                # (default: true) USE Ice Bow
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ice_sword.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ice Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_axe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_boots.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) USE Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_hoe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_ingot.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_pickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_raw.*                                           # (default: true) USE Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_shovel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_sword.*                                         # (default: true) USE Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_axe.*                                        # (default: true) USE Knightly Axe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_boots.*                                      # (default: true) USE Knightly Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_chestplate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Knightly Plate
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_helmet.*                                     # (default: true) USE Knightly Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_ingot.*                                      # (default: true) USE Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_leggings.*                                   # (default: true) USE Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_pickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) USE Knightly Pick
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_ring.*                                       # (default: true) USE Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_shield.*                                     # (default: true) USE Knightly Shield
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_sword.*                                      # (default: true) USE Knightly Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.lamp_of_cinders.*                                        # (default: true) USE Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.lifedrain_scepter.*                                      # (default: true) USE Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.liveroot.*                                               # (default: true) USE Liveroot
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.magic_beans.*                                            # (default: true) USE Magic Beans
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.magic_map.*                                              # (default: true) USE Magic Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.magic_map_empty.*                                        # (default: true) USE Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.magic_map_focus.*                                        # (default: true) USE Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.mangrove_door.*                                          # (default: true) USE Mangrove Door
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.maze_map.*                                               # (default: true) USE Maze Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.maze_map_empty.*                                         # (default: true) USE Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.maze_map_focus.*                                         # (default: true) USE Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.maze_wafer.*                                             # (default: true) USE Maze Wafer
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.mazebreaker_pickaxe.*                                    # (default: true) USE Mazebreaker
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.meef_stroganoff.*                                        # (default: true) USE Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.mine_door.*                                              # (default: true) USE Minewood Door
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.minotaur_axe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.minotaur_axe_gold.*                                      # (default: true) USE Golden Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.moon_dial.*                                              # (default: true) USE Moon Dial
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.moonworm_queen.*                                         # (default: true) USE Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.naga_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.naga_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) USE Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.naga_scale.*                                             # (default: true) USE Naga Scale
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ore_magnet.*                                             # (default: true) USE Ore Magnet
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ore_map.*                                                # (default: true) USE Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ore_map_empty.*                                          # (default: true) USE Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ore_meter.*                                              # (default: true) USE Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.peacock_fan.*                                            # (default: true) USE Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.phantom_chestplate.*                                     # (default: true) USE Phantom Plate
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.phantom_helmet.*                                         # (default: true) USE Phantom Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.raven_feather.*                                          # (default: true) USE Raven Feather
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.raw_meef.*                                               # (default: true) USE Raw Meef
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.raw_venison.*                                            # (default: true) USE Raw Venison
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.seeker_bow.*                                             # (default: true) USE Seeker Bow
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.shield_scepter.*                                         # (default: true) USE Scepter of Fortification
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.sort_door.*                                              # (default: true) USE Sortingwood Door
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_axe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_boots.*                                         # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_chestplate.*                                    # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_helmet.*                                        # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_hoe.*                                           # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_ingot.*                                         # (default: true) USE Steeleaf
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_leggings.*                                      # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_pickaxe.*                                       # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_shovel.*                                        # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_sword.*                                         # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.time_door.*                                              # (default: true) USE Timewood Door
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.torchberries.*                                           # (default: true) USE Torchberries
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.tower_key.*                                              # (default: true) USE Tower Key
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.trans_door.*                                             # (default: true) USE Transwood Door
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.transformation_powder.*                                  # (default: true) USE Transformation Powder
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.triple_bow.*                                             # (default: true) USE Tri-bow
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.trophy.*                                                 # (default: true) USE Naga Trophy
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.twilight_oak_door.*                                      # (default: true) USE Twilight Oak Door
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.twilight_scepter.*                                       # (default: true) USE Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.yeti_boots.*                                             # (default: true) USE Yeti Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.yeti_chestplate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.yeti_helmet.*                                            # (default: true) USE Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.yeti_leggings.*                                          # (default: true) USE Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.zombie_scepter.*                                         # (default: true) USE Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.use.whoosh.transporter.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Transporter (Basic)
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.er_card.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Extreme Reactor Card
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.er_kit.*                                                   # (default: true) USE Extreme Reactor Kit
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.fluid_card.*                                               # (default: true) USE Fluid Card
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.fluid_kit.*                                                # (default: true) USE Fluid Kit
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.forge_energy_card.*                                        # (default: true) USE Forge Energy Card
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.forge_energy_kit.*                                         # (default: true) USE Forge Energy Kit
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.ic2_energy_storage_card.*                                  # (default: true) USE EU Energy Card
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.ic2_energy_storage_kit.*                                   # (default: true) USE EU Energy Kit
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_card.*                                         # (default: true) USE EU Reactor Card
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_kit.*                                          # (default: true) USE EU Reactor Kit
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.image_card.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.worldcontrol.image_card.name
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.remote_panel.*                                             # (default: true) USE Portable Information Panel
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.thermometer.*                                              # (default: true) USE Thermometer
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.time_card.*                                                # (default: true) USE Time Card
fe.protection.use.worldcontrol.upgrade_cards.*                                            # (default: true) USE Range Upgrade
fe.protection.use.wrcbe.empty_map.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Empty Wireless Map
fe.protection.use.wrcbe.map.*                                                             # (default: true) USE Wireless Map #0
fe.protection.use.wrcbe.material.*                                                        # (default: true) USE Obsidian Stick
fe.protection.use.wrcbe.p_sniffer.*                                                       # (default: true) USE Private Sniffer
fe.protection.use.wrcbe.remote.*                                                          # (default: true) USE Wireless Remote
fe.protection.use.wrcbe.rep.*                                                             # (default: true) USE REP
fe.protection.use.wrcbe.sniffer.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wireless Sniffer
fe.protection.use.wrcbe.tracker.*                                                         # (default: true) USE Wireless Tracker
fe.protection.use.wrcbe.triangulator.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Wireless Triangulator
fe.protection.use.wrcbe.wireless_logic.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Wireless Transmitter
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.alkahestry_tome.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.alkahestry_tome.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.angelheart_vial.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.angelic_feather.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.attraction_potion.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.attraction_potion.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.bullet.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.bullet_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.destruction_catalyst.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.emperor_chalice.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.ender_staff.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.fertile_potion.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.fertile_potion.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.fortune_coin.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.glacial_staff.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.glowing_bread.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.glowing_water.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.gun_part.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.gun_part_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.handgun.*                                                    # (default: true) USE item.handgun.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.harvest_rod.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.hero_medallion.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                                          # (default: true) USE item.holy_hand_grenade.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.ice_magus_rod.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.infernal_chalice.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.infernal_claws.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.infernal_tear.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.kraken_shell.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                                        # (default: true) USE item.lantern_of_paranoia.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.magazine.*                                                   # (default: true) USE item.magazine_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.magicbane.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.magicbane.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                                                # (default: true) USE item.mercy_cross.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.midas_touchstone.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mob_charm.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.mob_charm_-1.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mob_charm_belt.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.mob_charm_belt.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mob_charm_fragment.*                                         # (default: true) USE item.mob_charm_fragment_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.mob_ingredient_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.phoenix_down.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.potion.*                                                     # (default: true) USE item.potion_empty.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.potion_essence.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.potion_essence.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.pyromancer_staff.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.rending_gale.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                                               # (default: true) USE item.rod_of_lyssa.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.salamander_eye.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                                              # (default: true) USE item.serpent_staff.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                                           # (default: true) USE item.shears_of_winter.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.sojourner_staff.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.tipped_arrow.*                                               # (default: true) USE Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                                             # (default: true) USE item.twilight_cloak.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.void_tear.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.void_tear.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                                                  # (default: true) USE item.witch_hat.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                                            # (default: true) USE item.witherless_rose.name
fe.protection.use.zerocore.debugtool.*                                                    # (default: true) USE Debug Tool
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.itemcardnfc.*                                           # (default: true) USE NFC Card
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.itemprivatecardnfc.*                                    # (default: true) USE Private NFC Card
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.logo.*                                                  # (default: true) USE Zetta Industries
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.mailmanupgrade.*                                        # (default: true) USE Mailman Upgrade
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.smartcard.*                                             # (default: true) USE Smart Card [WIP]
fe.protection.use.zettaindustries.smartcardterminal.*                                     # (default: true) USE Smart Card Terminal [WIP]
