#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 28.05 13:49 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 50627 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                                     # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.additionalpipes.teleport_tether.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Teleport Tether
fe.protection.break.advanced_machines.machines.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK advanced_machines.machines
fe.protection.break.advanced_solar_panels.machines.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK advanced_solar_panels.machines
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.encoder.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.grower.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.inscriber.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.break.ae2stuff.wireless.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Connector
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK ME Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Matter Condenser
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK ME Controller
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                            # (default: true) BREAK §a16k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                             # (default: true) BREAK §61k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                             # (default: true) BREAK §e4k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                            # (default: true) BREAK §b64k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crank
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK ME Drive
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK ME Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK ME IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Matrix Frame
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                                # (default: true) BREAK ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*               # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tiny TNT
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                           # (default: true) BREAK ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.break.aquaacrobatics.bubble_column.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tile.aquaacrobatics.bubble.column.name.name
fe.protection.break.aroma1997sdimension.miningore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.aroma1997sdimension:miningOre.name
fe.protection.break.aroma1997sdimension.miningportal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.aroma1997sdimension.portalframe.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Portal Frame
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bell.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.case.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.clock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cookie Jar
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.desk.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dinner Plate
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Disc Rack
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.label.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.seat.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.table.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.blockblutonium.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blutonium Block
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.blockcyanite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cyanite Block
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.blockgraphite.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Graphite Block
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.blockludicrite.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ludicrite Block
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.blocksteel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Steel Block
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.blockyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Yellorium Block
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.cyanite.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.bigreactors:cyanite.name
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.oreanglesite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Anglesite Ore
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.orebenitoite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Benitoite Ore
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.oreyellorite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Yellorite Ore
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactoraccessport.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Access Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorcasing.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Casing (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorcomputerport.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Computer Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorcontroller.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Controller (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorcontrolrod.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Control Rod (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorcoolantport.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Coolant Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorcreativecoolantport.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Creative Coolant Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorfuelrod.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Fuel Rod (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorglass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Glass (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorpowertaprf.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Redstone Flux Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorpowertaptesla.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Tesla Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorrednetport.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Reactor RedNet Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.reactorredstoneport.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reactor Redstone Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbinebearing.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Rotor Bearing (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbinecomputerport.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Computer Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbinecontroller.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Controller (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbinecreativesteamgenerator.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Creative Steam Generator (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbinefluidport.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Fluid Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbineglass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Glass (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbinehousing.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Housing (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbinepowertaprf.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Redstone Flux Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbinepowertaptesla.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Tesla Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbinerotorblade.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Rotor Blade (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.turbinerotorshaft.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turbine Rotor Shaft (Legacy)
fe.protection.break.bigreactors.yellorium.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.bigreactors:yellorium.name
fe.protection.break.binniecore.storage.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Fire
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bramble
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dried Sand
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ebony Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fir Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Flesh
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Ice
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ivy
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Magic Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.mud.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Palm Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pine Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Umbran Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK White Sand
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Willow Vine
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Framed Block
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_block_reinforced.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Block
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_door.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Framed Door
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_door_reinforced.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Door
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.editable_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_double_slab_reinforced.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.editable_double_slab_reinforced.name
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_fence.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Framed Fence
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_fence_reinforced.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Fence
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_inner_corner.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Framed Inner Corner
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_inner_corner_reinforced.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Inner Corner
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_outer_corner.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Framed Outer Corner
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_outer_corner_reinforced.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Outer Corner
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_all.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Framed Pressure Plate (All)
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_all_reinforced.*                # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (All)
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_items.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Framed Pressure Plate (Items)
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_items_reinforced.*              # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Items)
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_mobs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Framed Pressure Plate (Mobs)
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_mobs_reinforced.*               # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Mobs)
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_player.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Framed Pressure Plate (Players)
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_player_reinforced.*             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Players)
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Framed Slab
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_slab_reinforced.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Slab
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_slant.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Framed Slant
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_slant_reinforced.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Slant
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Framed Stairs
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_stairs_reinforced.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Stairs
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_trap_door.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Framed Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_trap_door_reinforced.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Framed Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_wall.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.editable_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.blockcraftery.editable_wall_reinforced.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.editable_wall_reinforced.normal.name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.alchemy_array.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Alchemy Array
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.alchemy_table.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Alchemy Table
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.altar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blood Altar
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.blood_light.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blood Light
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.blood_rune.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.rune..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.blood_tank.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Blood Tank
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.decorative_brick.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_brick_1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.bricks1..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_brick_2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.bricks2..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_crucible.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Demon Crucible
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_crystal.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.demonCrystal..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_crystallizer.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Demon Crystallizer
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_extras.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.extras..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_light.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.demonlight..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.pillar1..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.pillar2..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap1..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap2..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_3.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap3..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_pylon.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Demon Pylon
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.stairs1..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.stairs2..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.stairs3..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.demon_wall_1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.wall1..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.dimensional_portal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Portal
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.incense_altar.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Incense Altar
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.input_routing_node.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Input Routing Node
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.inversion_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.inversionpillar..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.inversion_pillar_end.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.inversionpillarend..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.item_routing_node.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Routing Node
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.life_essence.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Life Essence
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.master_routing_node.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Master Routing Node
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.mimic.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.mimic..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.output_routing_node.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Output Routing Node
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.path.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.path..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.phantom.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Block
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.ritual_controller.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.stone.ritual..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.ritual_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.ritualStone..name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.soul_forge.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Hellfire Forge
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.spectral.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.bloodmagic.spectral.name
fe.protection.break.bloodmagic.teleposer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Teleposer
fe.protection.break.botania.alchemycatalyst.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.botania.alfheimportal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.break.botania.altar.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.altar.name
fe.protection.break.botania.altgrass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.break.botania.animatedtorch.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.animatedTorch.name
fe.protection.break.botania.avatar.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.break.botania.bellows.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.break.botania.bifrost.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.break.botania.bifrostperm.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.break.botania.bifrostpermpane.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea0slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea0slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea0stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea0wall.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea10slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea10slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea10stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea11slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea11slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea11stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea12slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea12slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea12stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea13slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea13slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea13stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea14slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea14slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea14stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea15slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea15slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea15stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea1slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea1slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea1stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea2slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea2slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea2stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea3slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea3slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea3stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea4slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea4slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea4stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea5slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea5slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea5stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea6slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea6slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea6stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea7slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea7slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea7stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea8slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea8slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea8stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea9slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea9slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea9stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb0slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb0slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb0stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb1slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb1slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb1stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb2slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb2slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb2stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb3slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb3slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb3stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb4slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb4slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb4stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb5slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb5slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb5stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb6slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb6slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb6stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb7slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb7slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb7stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.blazeblock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.brewery.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.break.botania.buriedpetals.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.break.botania.cacophoniumblock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.cellblock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.cocoon.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.break.botania.conjurationcatalyst.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.botania.corporeacrystalcube.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.break.botania.corporeafunnel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.break.botania.corporeaindex.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.break.botania.corporeainterceptor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.botania.corporearetainer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.break.botania.custombrick.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.break.botania.distributor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.break.botania.doubleflower1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.break.botania.doubleflower2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood0slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood0slabfull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood0stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood0wall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood1slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood1slabfull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood1stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.elfglass.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.break.botania.elfglasspane.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.botania.enchantedsoil.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.break.botania.enchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.break.botania.endereyeblock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.fakeair.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.break.botania.felpumpkin.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.break.botania.floatingspecialflower.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.botania.flower.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower.name
fe.protection.break.botania.forestdrum.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.break.botania.foresteye.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.break.botania.gaiaheadblock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.break.botania.ghostrail.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.break.botania.hourglass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.break.botania.incenseplate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.break.botania.lightlauncher.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.break.botania.lightrelay.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock0slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock0slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock0stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock0wall.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock1slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock1slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock1stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood0slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood0slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood0stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood0wall.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood1slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood1slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood1stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.manabomb.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.break.botania.manadetector.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.break.botania.manaflame.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.break.botania.managlass.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.break.botania.managlasspane.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.botania.manavoid.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.break.botania.miniisland.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.break.botania.mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.botania.opencrate.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement0slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement0slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement0stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement1slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement1slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement1stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement2slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement2slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement2stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement3slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement3slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement3stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement4slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement4slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement4stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement5slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement5slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement5stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.petalblock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pistonrelay.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.break.botania.platform.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Hydraulic Platform
fe.protection.break.botania.pool.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pool.name
fe.protection.break.botania.prism.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.prism.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pump.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pump.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pylon.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabblazefull.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabblazehalf.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabdarkfull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabdarkhalf.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabelffull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabelfhalf.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslablavenderfull.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslablavenderhalf.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabmanafull.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabmanahalf.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabredfull.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabredhalf.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabsunnyfull.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabsunnyhalf.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairsblaze.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairsdark.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairself.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairslavender.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairsmana.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairsred.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairssunny.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypeblaze.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypedark.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypeelf.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypelavender.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypemana.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypered.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypesunny.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringcomparator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringcontainer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringdispenser.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringfertilizer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringinterceptor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringrelay.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.break.botania.rfgenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.botania.root.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.root.name
fe.protection.break.botania.runealtar.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerrock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerrock0slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerrock0slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerrock0stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerwoodplanks.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shinyflower.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.break.botania.solidvine.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.break.botania.sparkchanger.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.break.botania.spawnerclaw.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.break.botania.specialflower.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.botania.spreader.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.break.botania.starfield.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.break.botania.storage.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.storage.name
fe.protection.break.botania.terraplate.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.break.botania.teruterubozu.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.break.botania.tinyplanetblock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.tinypotato.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.break.botania.turntable.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.break.botany.ceramic.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.botany.ceramicbrick.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.botany.ceramicpattern.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.botany.flower.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Botany Flower
fe.protection.break.botany.flowerbed.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK botany.soil.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.break.botany.flowerbed_no_weed.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK botany.soil.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.break.botany.loam.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK botany.soil.loam.name
fe.protection.break.botany.loam_no_weed.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK botany.soil.loam.name
fe.protection.break.botany.machine.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.botany.plant.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.botany.soil.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK botany.soil.soil.name
fe.protection.break.botany.soil_no_weed.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK botany.soil.soil.name
fe.protection.break.botany.stained.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftbuilders.architect.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.architectBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftbuilders.builder.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.builderBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftbuilders.filler.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.fillerBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftbuilders.frame.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.frameBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftbuilders.library.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.libraryBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftbuilders.quarry.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.quarryBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftbuilders.replacer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.replacerBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftcore.decorated.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.decorated.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftcore.engine.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftcore.marker_path.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pathMarkerBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftcore.marker_volume.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.markerBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftcore.spring.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.spring.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_0.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_0.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_1.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_1.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_2.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_2.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_0.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_0.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_1.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_1.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_2.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_2.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_0.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_0.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_1.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_1.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_2.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_2.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_0.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_0.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_1.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_1.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_2.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_2.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_0.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_0.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_1.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_1.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_2.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_2.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_0.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_0.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_1.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_2.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_0.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_0.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_1.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_1.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_2.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_2.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_0.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_0.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_1.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_2.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_0.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_0.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_1.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_2.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_0.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_0.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_1.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_1.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_2.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_2.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftfactory.autoworkbench_item.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.autoWorkbenchBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftfactory.chute.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.chuteBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftfactory.distiller.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.distiller.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftfactory.flood_gate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.floodGateBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftfactory.heat_exchange.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.heat_exchange.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftfactory.mining_well.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.miningWellBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftfactory.pump.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pumpBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftfactory.tank.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tankBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftfactory.tube.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tubeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftfactory.water_gel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.waterGel.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftrobotics.zone_planner.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.zonePlannerBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftsilicon.advanced_crafting_table.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.assemblyWorkbenchBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftsilicon.assembly_table.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.assemblyTableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftsilicon.integration_table.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.integrationTableBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcraftsilicon.laser.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.laserBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcrafttransport.filtered_buffer.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.filteredBufferBlock.name
fe.protection.break.buildcrafttransport.pipe_holder.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pipeHolder.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.bar_stool.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bar_stool.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.basin.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Basin
fe.protection.break.cfm.bath_bottom.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bath
fe.protection.break.cfm.bath_top.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bath
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedside_cabinet_acacia.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedside_cabinet_andesite.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Andesite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedside_cabinet_birch.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Birch Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedside_cabinet_dark_oak.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedside_cabinet_diorite.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Diorite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedside_cabinet_granite.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Granite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedside_cabinet_jungle.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedside_cabinet_oak.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Oak Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedside_cabinet_spruce.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.bedside_cabinet_stone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.bench.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Outdoor Bench
fe.protection.break.cfm.bin.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bin
fe.protection.break.cfm.bird_bath.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bird Bath
fe.protection.break.cfm.blender.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Blender
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_acacia_closed.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_acacia_open.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_birch_closed.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Birch Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_birch_open.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Birch Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_closed.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Oak Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_dark_oak_closed.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_dark_oak_open.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_jungle_closed.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_jungle_open.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_open.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Oak Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_spruce_closed.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.blinds_spruce_open.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Blinds
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_andesite.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Andesite Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Birch Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_diorite.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Diorite Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_granite.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Granite Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_kitchen.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.cabinet_kitchen.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_oak.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Oak Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.cabinet_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Stone Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.candle.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Candle
fe.protection.break.cfm.castle_netting.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Castle Netting
fe.protection.break.cfm.ceiling_fan.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ceiling Fan
fe.protection.break.cfm.ceiling_light_off.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ceiling Light
fe.protection.break.cfm.ceiling_light_on.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ceiling Light (On)
fe.protection.break.cfm.chair_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.chair_andesite.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Andesite Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.chair_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.chair_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.chair_diorite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Diorite Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.chair_granite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Granite Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.chair_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.chair_oak.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.chair_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.chair_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.chimney.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chimney
fe.protection.break.cfm.chopping_board.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chopping Board
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffee_table_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffee_table_andesite.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Andesite Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffee_table_birch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Birch Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffee_table_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffee_table_diorite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Diorite Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffee_table_granite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Granite Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffee_table_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffee_table_oak.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Oak Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffee_table_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.coffee_table_stone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stone Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.computer.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Computer
fe.protection.break.cfm.cookie_jar.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cookie Jar
fe.protection.break.cfm.couch.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.couch.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.couch_jeb.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rave Couch
fe.protection.break.cfm.counter.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.counter.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.counter_drawer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.counter_drawer.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.counter_sink.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.counter_sink.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.crate.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Crate
fe.protection.break.cfm.crate_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Crate
fe.protection.break.cfm.crate_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Crate
fe.protection.break.cfm.crate_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Crate
fe.protection.break.cfm.crate_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Crate
fe.protection.break.cfm.crate_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Crate
fe.protection.break.cfm.cup.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.cup.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.curtains_closed.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.curtains_closed.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.curtains_open.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.curtains_open.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_acacia.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Desk
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_andesite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Andesite Desk
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_birch.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Birch Desk
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_cabinet_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_cabinet_andesite.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Andesite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_cabinet_birch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Birch Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_cabinet_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_cabinet_diorite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Diorite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_cabinet_granite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Granite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_cabinet_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_cabinet_oak.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Oak Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_cabinet_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_cabinet_stone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stone Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_dark_oak.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Desk
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_diorite.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diorite Desk
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_granite.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Granite Desk
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_jungle.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Desk
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_oak.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oak Desk
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_spruce.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Desk
fe.protection.break.cfm.desk_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Desk
fe.protection.break.cfm.digital_clock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Digital Clock
fe.protection.break.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dishwasher
fe.protection.break.cfm.divingboard_base.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Divingboard
fe.protection.break.cfm.divingboard_plank.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.divingboard_plank.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.door_bell.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Door Bell
fe.protection.break.cfm.door_bell_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door Bell
fe.protection.break.cfm.door_bell_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door Bell
fe.protection.break.cfm.door_bell_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Door Bell
fe.protection.break.cfm.door_bell_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Door Bell
fe.protection.break.cfm.door_bell_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door Bell
fe.protection.break.cfm.door_mat.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.door_mat.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.electric_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Electric Fence
fe.protection.break.cfm.esky.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.esky.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.fairy_light.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fairy Light
fe.protection.break.cfm.fire_alarm_off.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fire Alarm
fe.protection.break.cfm.fire_alarm_on.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fire Alarm (On)
fe.protection.break.cfm.fire_pit_off.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fire Pit
fe.protection.break.cfm.fire_pit_on.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fire Pit
fe.protection.break.cfm.freezer.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fridge
fe.protection.break.cfm.fridge.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fridge
fe.protection.break.cfm.grand_chair_bottom.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Grand Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.grand_chair_top.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grand Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.grill.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grill
fe.protection.break.cfm.hedge_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Hedge
fe.protection.break.cfm.hedge_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Hedge
fe.protection.break.cfm.hedge_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Hedge
fe.protection.break.cfm.hedge_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Hedge
fe.protection.break.cfm.hedge_oak.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Hedge
fe.protection.break.cfm.hedge_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Hedge
fe.protection.break.cfm.inflatable_castle.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Inflatable Castle
fe.protection.break.cfm.lamp_off.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.lamp_off.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.lamp_on.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lamp
fe.protection.break.cfm.light_switch_off.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Switch
fe.protection.break.cfm.light_switch_on.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Switch
fe.protection.break.cfm.mail_box.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oak Mail Box
fe.protection.break.cfm.mail_box_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Mail Box
fe.protection.break.cfm.mail_box_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Birch Mail Box
fe.protection.break.cfm.mail_box_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Mail Box
fe.protection.break.cfm.mail_box_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Mail Box
fe.protection.break.cfm.mail_box_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Mail Box
fe.protection.break.cfm.mantel_piece.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mantelpiece
fe.protection.break.cfm.microwave.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Microwave
fe.protection.break.cfm.mirror.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Magic Mirror
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_bed_bottom.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.modern_bed_bottom.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_bed_top.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.modern_bed_top.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_chair.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Modern Chair
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_coffee_table.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Modern Coffee Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_couch.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.modern_couch.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_light_off.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Modern Light
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_light_on.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Modern Light
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_sliding_door.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Modern Sliding Door
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_stair.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Modern Stairs
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_table.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Modern Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_table_outdoor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Modern Outdoor Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_tv.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Modern TV
fe.protection.break.cfm.modern_window.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Modern Window
fe.protection.break.cfm.oven.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK Oven
fe.protection.break.cfm.park_bench_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Park Bench
fe.protection.break.cfm.park_bench_birch.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Birch Park Bench
fe.protection.break.cfm.park_bench_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Park Bench
fe.protection.break.cfm.park_bench_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Park Bench
fe.protection.break.cfm.park_bench_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Oak Park Bench
fe.protection.break.cfm.park_bench_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Park Bench
fe.protection.break.cfm.photo_frame.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.photo_frame.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.plate.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK Plate
fe.protection.break.cfm.present.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.present.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.printer.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Printer
fe.protection.break.cfm.range_hood.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Oven Rangehood
fe.protection.break.cfm.range_hood_powered.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.range_hood_powered.name
fe.protection.break.cfm.shower_bottom.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Shower
fe.protection.break.cfm.shower_head_off.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Shower Head
fe.protection.break.cfm.shower_head_on.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Shower Head (On)
fe.protection.break.cfm.shower_top.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Shower
fe.protection.break.cfm.stereo.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Stereo
fe.protection.break.cfm.stone_path.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Path
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_andesite.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Andesite Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_diorite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Diorite Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_granite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Granite Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_oak.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_outdoor.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Outdoor Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.table_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Table
fe.protection.break.cfm.tap.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tap
fe.protection.break.cfm.toaster.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Toaster
fe.protection.break.cfm.toilet.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Toilet
fe.protection.break.cfm.trampoline.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Trampoline
fe.protection.break.cfm.tree_bottom.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Christmas Tree
fe.protection.break.cfm.tree_top.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Christmas Tree
fe.protection.break.cfm.tv.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK TV
fe.protection.break.cfm.tv_stand.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Modern TV Stand
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_fence_acacia.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_fence_birch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Birch Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_fence_dark_oak.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_fence_jungle.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_fence_nether_brick.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_fence_oak.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Oak Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_fence_spruce.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_gate_acacia.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_gate_birch.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Birch Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_gate_dark_oak.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_gate_jungle.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_gate_oak.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Oak Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.break.cfm.upgraded_gate_spruce.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.break.cfm.wall_cabinet.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wall Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cfm.washing_machine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Washing Machine
fe.protection.break.cfm.white_fence.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Fence
fe.protection.break.cfm.white_gate.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK White Gate
fe.protection.break.cfm.wreath.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wreath
fe.protection.break.charset.barrel.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Barrel
fe.protection.break.charset.stacks_decorative.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.charset.stacks.name
fe.protection.break.charset.wire.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.chickenchunks.chunk_loader.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.chickenchunks:chunk_loader.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite1.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiblock.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Antiblock
fe.protection.break.chisel.arcane_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.arcane_stone1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.arcane_stone2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockbronze.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockcopper.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Electrum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockgold.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockinvar.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Invar
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockiron.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocklead.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocknickel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Nickel
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Platinum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocksilver.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocksteel.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocktin.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockuranium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.bloodmagic.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Blood Rune
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.brownstone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_black.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Black Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blue Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Brown Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Gray Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_green.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Green Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lime Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Orange Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pink Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Purple Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_red.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Red Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_white.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK White Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.certus.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.certus1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.certus2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone1.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factory.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factory1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass1.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK White Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspane.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspane1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedblack.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Black Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedblue.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedbrown.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Brown Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedcyan.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedgray.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedgreen.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Green Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedlightblue.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedlightgray.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedlime.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lime Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedmagenta.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedorange.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Orange Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedpink.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pink Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedpurple.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedred.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Red Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedwhite.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK White Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedyellow.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice1.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice2.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.icepillar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.ironpane.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratory.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marblepillar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherbrick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.paper.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Paper Wall
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-birch.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-oak.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.quartz.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.quartz1.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone1.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered-scribbles.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technicalnew.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.temple.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templemossy.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Valentines' Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_black.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Black Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_blue.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_brown.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Brown Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_gray.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_green.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Green Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lime.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lime Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_orange.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Orange Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_pink.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pink Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_purple.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Purple Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_red.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Red Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_white.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Wool
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.bittank.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Fluid Bit Tank
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_clay.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Clay
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_cloth.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Cloth
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_fluid.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Fluid
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_glass.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Glass
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_grass.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Grass
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ground.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Ground
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ice.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Ice
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_iron.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Metal
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Leaves
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_packedice.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_rock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Rock
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_sand.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Sand
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_snow.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Snow
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_wood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Wood
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_black.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.black.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_blue.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.blue.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_brown.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.brown.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_cyan.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.cyan.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_gray.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.gray.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_green.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.green.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_light_blue.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.light_blue.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_lime.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.lime.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_magenta.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.magenta.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_orange.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.orange.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_pink.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.pink.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_purple.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.purple.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_red.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.red.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_silver.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.silver.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_white.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.white.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.yellow.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.rope.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rope and Nail
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_black.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.black.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_blue.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.blue.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_brown.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.brown.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_cyan.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.cyan.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_gray.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.gray.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_green.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.green.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_light_blue.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.light_blue.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_lime.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.lime.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_magenta.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.magenta.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_orange.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.orange.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_pink.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.pink.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_purple.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.purple.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_red.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.red.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_silver.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.silver.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_white.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.white.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_yellow.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.yellow.name
fe.protection.break.compacter.cobbler.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.break.compacter.compacter.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Compacter
fe.protection.break.compactsolars.compact_solar_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.compactsolars.compact_solar_block.name
fe.protection.break.computercraft.advanced_modem.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ender Modem
fe.protection.break.computercraft.cable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Networking Cable
fe.protection.break.computercraft.command_computer.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Command Computer
fe.protection.break.computercraft.computer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Computer
fe.protection.break.computercraft.peripheral.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.break.computercraft.turtle.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.computercraft.turtle_advanced.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.computercraft.turtle_expanded.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Turtle
fe.protection.break.computercraft.wired_modem_full.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.computercraft:wired_modem_full.name
fe.protection.break.computronics.audio_cable.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Audio Cable
fe.protection.break.computronics.camera.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Camera
fe.protection.break.computronics.chat_box.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Chat Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.cipher.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.colorful_lamp.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.break.computronics.digital_box.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.computronics.digital_box.name
fe.protection.break.computronics.digital_detector.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cart Detector - Digital
fe.protection.break.computronics.iron_note_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Note Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.locomotive_relay.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.break.computronics.radar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Radar
fe.protection.break.computronics.sound_board.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sound Board
fe.protection.break.computronics.speaker.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Speaker
fe.protection.break.computronics.speech_box.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Speech Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.tape_reader.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tape Drive
fe.protection.break.computronics.ticket_machine.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ticket Machine
fe.protection.break.conarm.armorforge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Armor Forge
fe.protection.break.conarm.armorstation.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Armor Station
fe.protection.break.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.cabinet.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Kitchen Cabinet
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.cooking_table.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cooking Table
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.corner.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Kitchen Corner
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.counter.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Kitchen Counter
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.cow_jar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cow in a Jar
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.cutting_board.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cutting Board
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.fridge.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fridge
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.fruit_basket.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Basket
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.kitchen_floor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Kitchen Floor
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.milk_jar.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Milk Jar
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.oven.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Oven
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.sink.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sink
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.spice_rack.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spice Rack
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.toaster.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Toaster
fe.protection.break.cookingforblockheads.tool_rack.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tool Rack
fe.protection.break.crimsonwarfare.boss_activator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Altar
fe.protection.break.culinaryconstruct.sandwich_station.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sandwich Station
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_0.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_3.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_4.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_0.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_3.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_4.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_5.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_6.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_7.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_8.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_9.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_0.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_1.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_2.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_3.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_4.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_5.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_6.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_7.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_8.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_9.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_0.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_3.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_4.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_5.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_6.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_0.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_3.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_4.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_5.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_6.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_minecraft_log.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_minecraft_log2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_natura_nether_logs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_natura_overworld_logs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_natura_overworld_logs2.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.debark.debarked_log_twilightforest_twilight_log.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.doge.doge_block.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Doge Block
fe.protection.break.doge.mining_rig.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mining Rig
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_advanced_power_monitor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_alloy.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Block
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_alloy_endergy.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Endergy Alloy Block
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_alloy_smelter.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_attractor_obelisk.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_aversion_obelisk.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_broken_anvil.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Broken Dark Steel Anvil
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_buffer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.block_buffer.name
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_cap_bank.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.block_cap_bank.name
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_cold_fire.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cold Fire
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_combustion_generator.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Combustion Generator
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_concussion_charge.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Concussion Charge
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_conduit_bundle.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Conduit Connector
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_confusion_charge.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Confusion Charge
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_crafter.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Crafter
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_creative_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Creative Spawner
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_dark_fused_glass.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_dark_fused_quartz.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_dark_iron_bars.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_dark_paper_anvil.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dark Paper Anvil
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_dark_steel_anvil.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Anvil
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_dark_steel_door.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_dark_steel_ladder.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_dark_steel_trapdoor.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_death_pouch.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dead Player
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_decoration1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Decoration Block
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_decoration2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Decoration Block
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_decoration3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Decoration Block
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_detector_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block Detector
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_detector_block_silent.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block Detector (Silent)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_dialing_device.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dialing Device
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_electric_light.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Light
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enchanter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Enchanter
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_end_iron_bars.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK End Steel Bars
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_ender_charge.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ender Charge
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_ender_generator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ender Generator
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enderman_skull.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Skull
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_alloy_smelter.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_alloy_smelter_top.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_combustion_generator.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Combustion Generator
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_combustion_generator_top.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Combustion Generator
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_sag_mill.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced SAG Mill
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_sag_mill_top.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced SAG Mill
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_vat.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK The Enhanced Vat
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_vat_top.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK The Enhanced Vat
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_wired_charger.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Wired Charger
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_wired_charger_top.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Wired Charger
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enhanced_wireless_charger.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Wireless Charging Antenna
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enlightened_fused_glass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_exit_rail.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Exit Rail
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_experience_obelisk.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_farm_station.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Farming Station
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_cloud_seed.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cloud Seed
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_cloud_seed_concentrated.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_conductive_iron.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Conductive Iron
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_construction_alloy.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Iron Alloy
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_dark_steel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_electrical_steel.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrical Steel
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_end_steel.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Molten End Steel
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_ender.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Liquefied Ender Pearls
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_ender_distillation.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dew of the Void
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_energetic_alloy.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Energetic Alloy
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_fire_water.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fire Water
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_glowstone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glowgas
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_hootch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Hootch
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_liquid_sunshine.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_nutrient_distillation.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_pulsating_iron.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pulsating Iron
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_redstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Molten Redstone
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_redstone_alloy.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Redstone Alloy
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_rocket_fuel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_soularium.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Molten Soularium
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_vapor_of_levity.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fluid.vapor_of_levity.name
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fluid_vibrant_alloy.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Vibrant Alloy
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_franken_zombie_generator.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Frank'n'Zombie Generator
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fused_glass.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_fused_quartz.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_gauge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Energy Gauge
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_holier_fog.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Nano-Particles
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_holy_dark_fused_glass.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_holy_dark_fused_quartz.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_holy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_holy_fog.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Nano-Particles (old)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_holy_fused_glass.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_holy_fused_quartz.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_impulse_hopper.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_industrial_insulation.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Insulation
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_infinity.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.block_infinity.name
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_infinity_fog.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Infinity Dust
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inhibitor_obelisk.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Inhibitor Obelisk
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_chest_big.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Big Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_chest_enormous.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Enormous Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_chest_huge.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Huge Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_chest_large.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Large Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_chest_medium.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Medium Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_chest_small.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Small Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_chest_tiny.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tiny Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_chest_warehouse.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Inventory System Storage Warehouse
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_chest_warehouse13.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Inventory System Storage Extended Warehouse
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_panel.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Panel
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_inventory_panel_sensor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Sensor
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_killer_joe.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Killer Joe
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_lava_generator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lava Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_light_node.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.block_light_node.name
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_machine_base.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK (technical block)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_machine_io.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK (technical block)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_niard.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK The Niard
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_normal_wireless_charger.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Charging Antenna
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_holy_dark_fused_glass.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_holy_dark_fused_quartz.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_holy_fused_glass.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_holy_fused_quartz.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_pasture_dark_fused_glass.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_pasture_dark_fused_quartz.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_pasture_fused_glass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_pasture_fused_quartz.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_unholy_dark_fused_glass.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_unholy_dark_fused_quartz.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_unholy_fused_glass.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_not_unholy_fused_quartz.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_omni_reservoir.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Omnivoir
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_carpet.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Painted Carpet
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_door.*                               # (default: true) BREAK item.block_painted_dark_steel_door.name
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_trapdoor.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Painted Dark Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Slab
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_fence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Painted Fence
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Painted Gate
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_glowstone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_glowstone_solid.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_iron_door.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK item.block_painted_iron_door.name
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_iron_trapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Painted Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_packed_ice.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Painted Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_packed_ice_solid.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Painted Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_pressure_plate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Painted Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_redstone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Painted Redstone
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_redstone_solid.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Painted Redstone
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_reinforced_obsidian.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Painted Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_reinforced_obsidian_nonsolid.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Painted Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_sand.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Painted Sand
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Painted Slab
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_stair.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Painted Stairs
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_stone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Painted Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_stone_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Painted Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_stone_fence.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Stone Fence
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_stone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Painted Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_stone_stair.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Painted Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_wall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Painted Wall
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_wooden_door.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK item.block_painted_wooden_door.name
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_wooden_trapdoor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Painted Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painted_workbench.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Painted Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_painter.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Painting Machine
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_pasture_dark_fused_glass.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_pasture_dark_fused_quartz.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_pasture_fused_glass.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_pasture_fused_quartz.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_power_monitor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Power Monitor
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_powered_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Powered Spawner
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_reinforced_obsidian.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_relocator_obelisk.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Relocator Obelisk
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_reservoir.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Endervoir
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_sag_mill.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK SAG Mill
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever10.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Self-resetting Lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever10i.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Self-resetting Lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever30.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Self-resetting Lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever300.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Self-resetting Lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever300i.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Self-resetting Lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever30i.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Self-resetting Lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever5.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Self-resetting Lever (5 seconds)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever5i.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Self-resetting Lever (5 seconds)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever60.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Self-resetting Lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever60i.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Inverted Self-resetting Lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_simple_alloy_smelter.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Simple Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_simple_crafter.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Simple Crafter
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_simple_furnace.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Simple Powered Furnace
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_simple_sag_mill.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Simple SAG Mill
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_simple_stirling_generator.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Simple Stirling Generator
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_simple_wired_charger.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Simple Wired Charger
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_slice_and_splice.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_solar_panel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_soul_binder.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Soul Binder
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_stirling_generator.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stirling Generator
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_tank.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Tank
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_tele_pad.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Telepad Block
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_transceiver.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_travel_anchor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Travel Anchor
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_unholy_dark_fused_glass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_unholy_dark_fused_quartz.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_unholy_fused_glass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_unholy_fused_quartz.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fused Quartz
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_vacuum_chest.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_vat.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK The Vat
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_weather_obelisk.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_wired_charger.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wired Charger
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_wireless_charger.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Charger
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_wireless_charger_extension.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Wireless Charging Antenna Extension
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_xp_vacuum.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK XP Vacuum
fe.protection.break.enderio.block_zombie_generator.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Zombie Generator
fe.protection.break.enderstorage.ender_storage.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ender_storage.name
fe.protection.break.energyconverters.energy_bridge.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Energy Bridge
fe.protection.break.energyconverters.energy_consumer_eu.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.energy_consumer_eu.name
fe.protection.break.energyconverters.energy_consumer_fe.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK FE Energy Consumer
fe.protection.break.energyconverters.energy_consumer_mj.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK MJ Energy Consumer
fe.protection.break.energyconverters.energy_consumer_rf.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK RF Energy Consumer
fe.protection.break.energyconverters.energy_producer_eu.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.energy_producer_eu.name
fe.protection.break.energyconverters.energy_producer_fe.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK FE Energy Producer
fe.protection.break.energyconverters.energy_producer_mj.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK MJ Energy Producer
fe.protection.break.energyconverters.energy_producer_rf.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK RF Energy Producer
fe.protection.break.eplus.advanced_table.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.eplus.decorative_book.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.eplus.decorative.book.name
fe.protection.break.extrabees.alveary.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.extrabees.ectoplasm.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ectoplasm
fe.protection.break.extrabees.hive.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.certustank.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.break.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.break.extracells.fluidfiller.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK ME Fluid Auto Filler
fe.protection.break.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blast resistant ME Drive
fe.protection.break.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.extracells.walrus.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Walrus
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.advanced_fuel_loader.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Fuel Loader
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.advanced_launch_pad.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.advanced_launch_pad_full.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.advanced_oxygen_compressor.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.advanced_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.advanced_refinery.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Refinery
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ash_rock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.basic_chemical_injector.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Basic Chemical Injector
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.basic_crystallizer.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Basic Crystallizer
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.basic_decontamination_unit.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Basic Decontamination Unit
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.basic_decontamination_unit_fake_block.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Basic Decontamination Unit
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.basic_decrystallizer.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Basic Decrystallizer
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.basic_densifier.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Basic Densifier
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.basic_purifier.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Basic Purifier
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.basic_smasher.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Basic Block Smasher
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.basic_solar_evaporation_chamber.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Basic Solar Evaporation Chamber
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.block_multi.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.cake_blocks.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.cake_blocks.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.callisto.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.callisto.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.callisto_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Callisto Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.candy_blocks.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.candy_blocks.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.candy_blocks_horizontal.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.candy_blocks_horizontal.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ceres.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.ceres.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ceres_gravel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_stone_bricks.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_sub_surface.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_surface.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ceres Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.clean_water.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Clean Water
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.coal_grit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Coal Grit
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.decorative_blocks.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.decorative_blocks.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.decorative_blocks2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.decorative_blocks2.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.deimos.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.deimos.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.deimos_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Deimos Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.dense_ice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dense Ice
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.diamond_grit.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Grit
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.emerald_grit.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Grit
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.eris.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.eris.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.eris_gravel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Eris Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.eris_spawner.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.boss_spawner_eris.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.eris_stairs_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Eris Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.eris_stairs_stone_bricks.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Eris Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.eris_stairs_sub_surface.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Eris Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.eris_stairs_surface.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Eris Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.europa.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.europa.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.europa_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Europa Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.fire_bomb.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fire Bomb
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.fossil.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fossil Block
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.frozen_nitrogen.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Nitrogen
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.frozen_water.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Frozen Water
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ganymede.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.ganymede.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ganymede_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ganymede Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.glowstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Glowstone
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.gold_grit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Gold Grit
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.iapetus.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.iapetus.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.iapetus_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iapetus Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.infected_water.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Infected Water
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.io.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.io.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.io_gravel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Io Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.iron_grit.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Grit
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.jupiter.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.jupiter.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.jupiter_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.jupiter_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.boss_spawner_jupiter.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Jupiter Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_blue_grass.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Blue Grass
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_flowers.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_flowers.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_grass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Grass
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_infected_grass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Infected Grass
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_logs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_maple_logs.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_logs2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_maple_logs2.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_saplings.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_planks.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.kepler22b_planks.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_purple_grass.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Purple Grass
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_red_grass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Red Grass
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.kepler22b_yellow_grass.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Kepler 22b Yellow Grass
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.liquid_caramel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Caramel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.liquid_chocolate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Chocolate
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.liquid_hydrocarbon.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Hydrocarbon
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.magma.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Magma
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.mercury.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.mercury.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.mercury_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.mercury_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.boss_spawner_mercury.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mercury Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.methane.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Methane
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.neptune.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.neptune.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.neptune_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.boss_spawner_neptune.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Neptune Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Neptune Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Neptune Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Neptune Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.nitrogen.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.nitrogen_ice.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Nitrogen Ice
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.nuclear_bomb.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Nuclear Bomb
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.oberon.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.oberon.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.oberon_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oberon Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.orange_sand.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sand
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.orange_sandstone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sandstone
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.phobos.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.phobos.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.phobos_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Phobos Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.pluto.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pluto.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.pluto_gravel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.pluto_spawner.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.boss_spawner_pluto.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_stone_bricks.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_sub_surface.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_surface.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pluto Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.potash.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Potash
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.radioactive_water.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Radioactive Water
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.red_sand.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Sand
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.red_sandstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.rhea.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.rhea.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.rhea_gravel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rhea Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.salt.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Crystallized Water
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.saturn.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.saturn.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.saturn_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.saturn_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.boss_spawner_saturn.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_stone_bricks.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_sub_surface.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_surface.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Saturn Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.solar.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.solar.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.titan.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.titan.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.titan_gravel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Titan Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.titania.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.titania.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.titania_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Titania Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t10.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tier 10 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t4.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tier 4 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t5.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tier 5 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t6.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tier 6 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t7.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tier 7 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t8.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tier 8 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t9.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tier 9 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.triton.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.triton.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.triton_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Triton Gravel
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ultimate_fuel_loader.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ultimate Fuel Loader
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.ultimate_refinery.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ultimate Refinery
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.uranus.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.uranus.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.uranus_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.boss_spawner_uranus.name
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Uranus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_stone_bricks.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Uranus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_sub_surface.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Uranus Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_surface.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Uranus Surface Stairs
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.vehicle_charger.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Vehicle Charger
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.volcanic_rock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.break.extraplanets.white_sugar_cane.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK White Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.beer.ale.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ale
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.beer.corn.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Corn Beer
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.beer.lager.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lager
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.beer.rye.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rye Beer
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.beer.stout.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stout
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.beer.wheat.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wheat Beer
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.brandy.apple.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Apple Brandy
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.brandy.apricot.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Brandy
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.brandy.cherry.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Brandy
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.brandy.citrus.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Citrus Brandy
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.brandy.elderberry.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Elderberry Brandy
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.brandy.fruit.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Brandy
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.brandy.grape.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brandy
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.brandy.pear.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pear Brandy
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.brandy.plum.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Plum Brandy
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.cider.apple.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cider
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.cider.peach.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Peach Cider
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.ciderpear.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pear Cider
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.fermented.potatoes.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fermented Potatoes
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.apple.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Apple Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.apricot.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.banana.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Banana Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.carrot.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.cherry.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.cranberry.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.elderberry.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Elderberry Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.grapefruit.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.lemon.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.lime.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lime Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.olive.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Olive Oil
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.orange.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Orange Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.peach.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Peach Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.pear.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pear Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.pineapple.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.plum.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Plum Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.red.grape.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Red Grape Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.tomato.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tomato Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.juice.white.grape.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK White Grape Juice
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.latex.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Latex
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.almond.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Almond Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.anise.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Anise Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.banana.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Banana Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.blackberry.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Blackberry Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.blackcurrant.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Blackcurrant Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.cherry.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.chocolate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.cinnamon.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.coffee.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.hazelnut.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hazelnut Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.herbal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Herbal Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.lemon.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.melon.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Melon Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.mint.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mint Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.orange.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orange Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.peach.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Peach Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.raspberry.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Raspberry Liqueur
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liquor.apple.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Apple Liquor
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liquor.apricot.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Liquor
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liquor.cherry.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Liquor
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liquor.elderberry.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Elderberry Liquor
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liquor.fruit.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Liquor
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.liquor.pear.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pear Liquor
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.mash.corn.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fermented Corn Mash
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.mash.grain.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fermented Grain Mash
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.mash.rye.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fermented Rye Mash
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.mash.wheat.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fermented Wheat Mash
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.resin.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Resin
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.rum.dark.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dark Rum
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.rum.white.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK White Rum
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.sap.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sap
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.spirit.gin.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Gin
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.spirit.neutral.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Neutral Spirit
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.spirit.sugarcane.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cachaca
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.tequila.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Tequila
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.turpentine.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Turpentine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.vodka.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Vodka
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Whiskey
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.corn.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bourbon
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.rye.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rye Whiskey
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.wheat.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wheat Whiskey
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.agave.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Agave Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.apricot.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.banana.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Banana Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.carrot.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.cherry.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.citrus.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Citrus Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.cranberry.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cranberry Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.elderberry.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Elderberry Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.fortified.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fortified Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.pineapple.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.plum.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Plum Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.red.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Red Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.sparkling.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sparkling Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.tomato.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tomato Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.binnie.wine.white.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK White Wine
fe.protection.break.extratrees.carpentry.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.carpentrypanel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.alder.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.alder.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.apple.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.apple.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.ash.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.ash.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.banana.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.banana.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.beech.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.beech.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.box.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.box.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.brazilwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.butternut.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.butternut.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.cedar.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.cedar.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.cypress.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.cypress.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.elder.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.elder.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.elm.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.elm.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.eucalyptus.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.fig.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.fig.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.fir.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.fir.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.gingko.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.gingko.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.hawthorn.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.hazel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.hazel.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.hemlock.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.hemlock.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.hickory.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.hickory.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.holly.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.holly.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.hornbeam.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.iroko.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.iroko.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.locust.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.locust.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.logwood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.logwood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.maclura.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.maclura.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.olive.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.olive.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.pear.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.pear.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.pinkivory.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.purpleheart.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.rosewood.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.rosewood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.rowan.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.rowan.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.sweetgum.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.syzgium.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.syzgium.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.whitebeam.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.doors.yew.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.doors.yew.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.alder.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.alder.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.apple.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.apple.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.ash.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.ash.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.banana.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.banana.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.beech.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.beech.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.box.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.box.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.brazilwood.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.butternut.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.butternut.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.cedar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.cedar.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.cypress.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.cypress.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.elder.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.elder.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.elm.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.elm.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.eucalyptus.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fig.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fig.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fir.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fir.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.alder.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.alder.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.apple.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.apple.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.ash.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.ash.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.banana.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.banana.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.beech.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.beech.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.box.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.box.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.brazilwood.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.butternut.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.butternut.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.cedar.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.cedar.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.cypress.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.cypress.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.elder.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.elder.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.elm.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.elm.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.eucalyptus.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.fig.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.fig.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.fir.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.fir.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.gingko.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.gingko.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hawthorn.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hazel.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hazel.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hemlock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hemlock.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hickory.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hickory.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.holly.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.holly.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hornbeam.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.iroko.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.iroko.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.locust.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.locust.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.logwood.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.logwood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.maclura.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.maclura.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.olive.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.olive.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.pear.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.pear.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.pinkivory.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.purpleheart.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.rosewood.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.rosewood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.rowan.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.rowan.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.sweetgum.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.syzgium.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.syzgium.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.whitebeam.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.yew.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.fireproof.yew.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.gingko.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.gingko.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.hawthorn.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.hazel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.hazel.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.hemlock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.hemlock.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.hickory.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.hickory.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.holly.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.holly.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.hornbeam.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.iroko.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.iroko.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.locust.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.locust.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.logwood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.logwood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.maclura.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.maclura.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.olive.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.olive.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.pear.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.pear.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.pinkivory.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.purpleheart.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.rosewood.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.rosewood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.rowan.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.rowan.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.sweetgum.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.syzgium.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.syzgium.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.whitebeam.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fence.gates.yew.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fence.gates.yew.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fences.0.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fences.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fences.1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fences.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fences.2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.fences.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fences.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.fences.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fences.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.fences.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.fences.fireproof.2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.fences.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.hops.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.hops.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.decorative.0.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.decorative.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.decorative.1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.decorative.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.decorative.2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.decorative.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.decorative.3.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.decorative.3.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.decorative.4.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.decorative.4.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.decorative.5.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.decorative.5.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.decorative.6.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.decorative.6.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.0.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.10.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.10.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.11.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.11.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.12.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.12.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.13.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.13.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.14.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.14.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.15.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.15.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.16.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.16.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.17.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.17.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.18.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.18.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.19.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.19.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.20.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.20.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.21.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.21.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.22.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.22.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.23.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.23.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.24.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.24.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.3.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.4.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.5.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.6.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.7.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.8.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.9.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.9.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.0.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.10.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.10.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.11.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.11.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.12.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.12.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.13.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.13.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.14.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.14.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.3.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.4.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.5.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.6.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.7.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.8.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.9.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves.default.9.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.3.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.4.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.5.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.6.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.7.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.8.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.8.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.9.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.9.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.fireproof.0.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.fireproof.1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.fireproof.2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.fireproof.3.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.fireproof.4.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.fireproof.5.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.fireproof.5.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.fireproof.6.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.fireproof.6.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.fireproof.7.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.fireproof.7.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.fireproof.8.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.fireproof.8.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.logs.fireproof.9.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.logs.fireproof.9.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.machine.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.multifence.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.planks.0.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.planks.1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.planks.2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.planks.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.planks.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.planks.fireproof.2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.shrub_log.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.shrub_log.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.3.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.4.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.double.0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.double.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.double.1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.double.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.double.2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.double.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.double.3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.double.3.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.double.4.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.double.4.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.0.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.3.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.4.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.0.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.fireproof.double.0.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.fireproof.double.1.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.fireproof.double.2.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.3.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.fireproof.double.3.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.4.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slabs.fireproof.double.4.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stainedglass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.alder.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.alder.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.apple.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.apple.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.ash.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.ash.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.banana.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.banana.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.beech.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.beech.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.box.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.box.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.brazilwood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.butternut.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.butternut.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.cedar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.cedar.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.cypress.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.cypress.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.elder.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.elder.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.elm.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.elm.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.eucalyptus.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fig.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fig.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fir.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fir.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.alder.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.alder.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.apple.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.apple.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.ash.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.ash.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.banana.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.banana.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.beech.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.beech.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.box.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.box.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.brazilwood.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.butternut.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.butternut.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.cedar.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.cedar.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.cypress.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.cypress.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.elder.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.elder.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.elm.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.elm.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.eucalyptus.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.fig.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.fig.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.fir.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.fir.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.gingko.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.gingko.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hawthorn.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hazel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.hazel.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hemlock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.hemlock.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hickory.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.hickory.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.holly.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.holly.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hornbeam.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.iroko.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.iroko.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.locust.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.locust.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.logwood.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.logwood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.maclura.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.maclura.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.olive.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.olive.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.pear.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.pear.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.pinkivory.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.purpleheart.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.rosewood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.rosewood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.rowan.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.rowan.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.sweetgum.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.syzgium.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.syzgium.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.whitebeam.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.yew.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.fireproof.yew.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.gingko.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.gingko.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.hawthorn.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.hazel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.hazel.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.hemlock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.hemlock.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.hickory.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.hickory.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.holly.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.holly.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.hornbeam.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.iroko.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.iroko.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.locust.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.locust.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.logwood.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.logwood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.maclura.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.maclura.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.olive.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.olive.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.pear.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.pear.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.pinkivory.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.purpleheart.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.rosewood.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.rosewood.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.rowan.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.rowan.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.sweetgum.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.syzgium.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.syzgium.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.whitebeam.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.break.extratrees.stairs.yew.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stairs.yew.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.analogcrafter.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Analog Crafter
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.angelblock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Angel Block
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.chunkloader.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chunk Loading Ward
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.compressedcobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:compressedcobblestone.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.compresseddirt.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:compresseddirt.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.compressedgravel.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:compressedgravel.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.compressednetherrack.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:compressednetherrack.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.compressedsand.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:compressedsand.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.crafter.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mechanical Crafter
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.creativechest.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Creative Chest
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.creativeenergy.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Creative Energy Source
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.creativeharvest.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Creative Harvest
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.cursedearth.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cursed Earth
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.decorativebedrock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:decorativebedrock.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.decorativeglass.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:decorativeglass.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.decorativesolid.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:decorativesolid.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.decorativesolidwood.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:decorativesolidwood.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.drum.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Drum
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.enderlilly.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ender Lilly
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.indexer.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Indexer
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.ineffableglass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:ineffableglass.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.interactionproxy.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ender Porcupine
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.ironwood_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:ironwood_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.ironwood_log.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:ironwood_log.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.ironwood_planks.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:ironwood_planks.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.ironwood_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:ironwood_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.klein.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Klein Bottle
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.largishchest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Slightly-Larger Chest
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.machine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Machine
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.miner.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mechanical Miner
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.minichest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mini Chest
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.moonstone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Moon Stone
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.opinium.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:opinium.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.passivegenerator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:passivegenerator.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.pipe.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.pipe_1.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.pipe_2.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.pipe_3.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.playerchest.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Player Chest
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.powerbattery.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wireless RF Battery
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.poweroverload.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Power Overload
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.powertransmitter.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wireless RF Transmitter
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.quarry.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Quarry
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.quarryproxy.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Quarry Actuator
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.rainbowgenerator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:rainbowgenerator.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.redorchid.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Orchid
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.redstoneclock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Clock
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.redstonelantern.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lantern
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.resonator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Resonator
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.scanner.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Scanner
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.screen.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Screen
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.simpledecorative.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:simpledecorative.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.spike_creative.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Creative Spikes
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.spike_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Spikes
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.spike_gold.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Golden Spikes
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.spike_iron.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Spikes
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.spike_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone Spikes
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.spike_wood.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Spikes
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.spotlight.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spotlight
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.supermobspawner.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Resturbed Mob Spawner
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.teleporter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:teleporter.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.terraformer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.extrautils2:terraformer.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.transferholder.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ExtraUtils2:pipe.pipe.container.name
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.trashcan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Trash Can
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.trashcanenergy.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Trash Can (Energy)
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.trashcanfluid.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Trash Can (Fluid)
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.trashchest.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Trash Chest
fe.protection.break.extrautils2.user.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mechanical User
fe.protection.break.fairylights.fastener.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.fastener.name
fe.protection.break.forbiddenmagicre.arcane_cake.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Cake
fe.protection.break.forbiddenmagicre.black_rose.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rose
fe.protection.break.forbiddenmagicre.black_rose_bush.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Umbral Rosebush
fe.protection.break.forbiddenmagicre.leaves_tainted.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.break.forbiddenmagicre.log_tainted.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Log
fe.protection.break.forbiddenmagicre.sapling_tainted.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.break.forbiddenmagicre.taint_planks.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Plank
fe.protection.break.forbiddenmagicre.tainted_brick.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Brick
fe.protection.break.forbiddenmagicre.tainted_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Stone
fe.protection.break.forbiddenmagicre.wrath_cage.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wrath Cage
fe.protection.break.forestry.alveary.fan.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Alveary Fan
fe.protection.break.forestry.alveary.heater.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Alveary Heater
fe.protection.break.forestry.alveary.hygro.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Alveary Hygroregulator
fe.protection.break.forestry.alveary.plain.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Alveary
fe.protection.break.forestry.alveary.sieve.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Alveary Sieve
fe.protection.break.forestry.alveary.stabiliser.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Alveary Stabiliser
fe.protection.break.forestry.alveary.swarmer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Alveary Swarmer
fe.protection.break.forestry.analyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Analyzer
fe.protection.break.forestry.apiary.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apiary
fe.protection.break.forestry.arboretum.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arboretum
fe.protection.break.forestry.ash_block_0.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.forestry.ash_block_1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.forestry.ash_block_2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.forestry.ash_block_3.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.forestry.ash_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ash Bricks
fe.protection.break.forestry.ash_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ash Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.forestry.bee_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Apiarist's Chest
fe.protection.break.forestry.bee_combs_0.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.bee_combs.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.bee_combs_1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.bee_combs.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.bee_house.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Bee House
fe.protection.break.forestry.beehives.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.bog_earth.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.bog_earth.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.bottler.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bottler
fe.protection.break.forestry.butterfly_chest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lepidopterist's Chest
fe.protection.break.forestry.candle.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.carpenter.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Carpenter
fe.protection.break.forestry.centrifuge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Centrifuge
fe.protection.break.forestry.charcoal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.forestry.climatiser.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.climatiser.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.cocoon.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.cocoon.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.cocoon.solid.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.cocoon.solid.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.database.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Database
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.acacia.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.acacia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.balsa.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.balsa.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.baobab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.baobab.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.cherry.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.cherry.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.chestnut.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.chestnut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.citrus.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.citrus.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.cocobolo.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.ebony.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.ebony.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.giganteum.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.giganteum.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.greenheart.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.greenheart.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.ipe.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.ipe.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.kapok.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.kapok.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.larch.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.larch.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.lime.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.lime.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.mahoe.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.mahoe.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.mahogany.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.mahogany.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.maple.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.maple.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.padauk.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.padauk.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.palm.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.palm.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.papaya.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.papaya.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.pine.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.pine.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.plum.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.plum.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.poplar.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.poplar.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.sequoia.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.sequoia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.teak.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.teak.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.walnut.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.walnut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.wenge.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.wenge.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.willow.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.willow.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.doors.zebrawood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.for.doors.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.engine_biogas.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Biogas Engine
fe.protection.break.forestry.engine_clockwork.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Clockwork Engine
fe.protection.break.forestry.engine_electrical.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Electrical Engine
fe.protection.break.forestry.engine_generator.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Bio Generator
fe.protection.break.forestry.engine_peat.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Peat-fired Engine
fe.protection.break.forestry.escritoire.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Escritoire
fe.protection.break.forestry.fabricator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Thermionic Fabricator
fe.protection.break.forestry.farm_crops.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Farm
fe.protection.break.forestry.farm_ender.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ender Farm
fe.protection.break.forestry.farm_gourd.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gourd Farm
fe.protection.break.forestry.farm_mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom Farm
fe.protection.break.forestry.farm_nether.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Farm
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.acacia.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.acacia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.balsa.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.balsa.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.baobab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.baobab.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.cherry.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.cherry.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.chestnut.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.chestnut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.citrus.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.citrus.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.cocobolo.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.ebony.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.ebony.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.acacia.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.balsa.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.balsa.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.baobab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.baobab.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.cherry.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.cherry.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.chestnut.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.chestnut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.citrus.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.citrus.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.cocobolo.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.ebony.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.ebony.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.giganteum.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.giganteum.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.greenheart.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.greenheart.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.ipe.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.ipe.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.kapok.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.kapok.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.larch.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.larch.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.lime.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.lime.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.mahoe.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.mahoe.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.mahogany.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.mahogany.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.maple.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.maple.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.padauk.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.padauk.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.palm.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.palm.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.papaya.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.papaya.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.pine.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.pine.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.plum.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.plum.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.poplar.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.poplar.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.sequoia.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.sequoia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.teak.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.teak.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.walnut.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.walnut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.wenge.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.wenge.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.willow.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.willow.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.zebrawood.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.giganteum.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.giganteum.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.greenheart.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.greenheart.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.ipe.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.ipe.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.kapok.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.kapok.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.larch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.larch.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.lime.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.lime.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.mahoe.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.mahoe.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.mahogany.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.mahogany.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.maple.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.maple.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.padauk.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.padauk.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.palm.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.palm.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.papaya.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.papaya.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.pine.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.pine.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.plum.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.plum.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.poplar.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.poplar.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.sequoia.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.sequoia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.teak.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.teak.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.birch.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.birch.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.oak.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.oak.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.walnut.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.walnut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.wenge.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.wenge.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.willow.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.willow.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fence.gates.zebrawood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fence.gates.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fences.0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fences.1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fences.fireproof.0.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fences.fireproof.1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fences.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.fences.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fermenter.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Fermenter
fe.protection.break.forestry.ffarm.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.fluid.bio.ethanol.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ethanol
fe.protection.break.forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Biomass
fe.protection.break.forestry.fluid.for.honey.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Honey
fe.protection.break.forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Glass
fe.protection.break.forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crushed Ice
fe.protection.break.forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Juice
fe.protection.break.forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.forestry.fluid.seed.oil.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Seed Oil
fe.protection.break.forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Short Mead
fe.protection.break.forestry.genetic_filter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Filter
fe.protection.break.forestry.greenhouse.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.greenhouse.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.greenhouse.window.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Greenhouse Window
fe.protection.break.forestry.greenhouse.window_up.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Greenhouse Roof Window
fe.protection.break.forestry.habitat_former.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Habitat Former
fe.protection.break.forestry.humus.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Humus
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.decorative.0.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.decorative.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.decorative.1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.decorative.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.decorative.2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.decorative.2.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.4.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.5.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.6.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.7.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.8.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.fruit.0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.fruit.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.leaves.default.fruit.1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.leaves.default.fruit.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.loam.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Loam
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.0.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.1.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.2.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.2.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.3.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.3.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.4.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.4.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.5.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.5.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.6.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.6.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.7.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.7.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.fireproof.0.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.fireproof.1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.fireproof.2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.fireproof.3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.fireproof.4.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.fireproof.5.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.fireproof.5.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.fireproof.6.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.fireproof.6.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.fireproof.7.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.fireproof.7.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.logs.vanilla.fireproof.1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.logs.vanilla.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.mailbox.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mailbox
fe.protection.break.forestry.moistener.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Moistener
fe.protection.break.forestry.mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.peat_bog.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Peat Bog
fe.protection.break.forestry.planks.0.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.planks.1.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.planks.fireproof.0.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.planks.fireproof.1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.planks.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.planks.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.pods.banana.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.banana.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.pods.cocoa.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.cocoa.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.pods.coconut.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.coconut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.pods.dates.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.dates.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.pods.papaya.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.papaya.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.pods.plantain.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.plantain.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.pods.red_banana.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.pods.red_banana.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.rainmaker.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rainmaker
fe.protection.break.forestry.raintank.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rain Tank
fe.protection.break.forestry.resource_storage.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resource_storage.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.resources.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.sapling_ge.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.sapling_ge.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.2.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.3.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.double.0.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.double.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.double.1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.double.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.double.2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.double.2.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.double.3.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.double.3.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.0.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.3.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.fireproof.0.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.fireproof.1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.fireproof.2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.fireproof.3.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.vanilla.double.fireproof.0.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.vanilla.double.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.slabs.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.slabs.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.squeezer.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Squeezer
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.acacia.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.acacia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.balsa.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.balsa.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.baobab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.baobab.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.cherry.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.cherry.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.chestnut.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.chestnut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.citrus.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.citrus.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.cocobolo.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.ebony.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.ebony.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.acacia.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.balsa.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.balsa.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.baobab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.baobab.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.cherry.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.cherry.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.chestnut.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.chestnut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.citrus.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.citrus.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.cocobolo.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.ebony.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.ebony.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.giganteum.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.giganteum.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.greenheart.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.greenheart.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.ipe.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.ipe.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.kapok.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.kapok.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.larch.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.larch.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.lime.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.lime.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.mahoe.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.mahoe.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.mahogany.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.mahogany.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.maple.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.maple.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.padauk.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.padauk.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.palm.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.palm.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.papaya.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.papaya.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.pine.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.pine.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.plum.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.plum.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.poplar.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.poplar.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.sequoia.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.sequoia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.teak.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.teak.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.walnut.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.walnut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.wenge.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.wenge.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.willow.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.willow.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.fireproof.zebrawood.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.fireproof.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.giganteum.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.giganteum.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.greenheart.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.greenheart.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.ipe.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.ipe.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.kapok.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.kapok.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.larch.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.larch.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.lime.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.lime.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.mahoe.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.mahoe.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.mahogany.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.mahogany.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.maple.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.maple.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.padauk.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.padauk.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.palm.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.palm.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.papaya.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.papaya.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.pine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.pine.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.plum.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.plum.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.poplar.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.poplar.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.sequoia.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.sequoia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.teak.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.teak.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.birch.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.birch.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.oak.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.oak.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.walnut.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.walnut.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.wenge.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.wenge.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.willow.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.willow.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stairs.zebrawood.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.for.stairs.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.break.forestry.stamp_collector.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stamp Collector
fe.protection.break.forestry.still.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Still
fe.protection.break.forestry.stump.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Candle Stump
fe.protection.break.forestry.trade_station.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Trade Station
fe.protection.break.forestry.tree_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Arborist's Chest
fe.protection.break.forestry.wood_pile.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wood Pile
fe.protection.break.forestry.wood_pile_decorative.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Decorative Wood Pile
fe.protection.break.forestry.worktable.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Worktable
fe.protection.break.forgemultipartcbe.multipart_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.booster.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Frame Booster
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame_0.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame_1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame_2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame_3.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Frame Block
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.frame_projector.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Frame Projector
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.mass_frame_corner.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Super-Frame Corner
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.mass_frame_edge.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Super-Frame Edge
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Frame Slider
fe.protection.break.funkylocomotion.teleporter.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Frame Teleporter
fe.protection.break.galacticcomputers.sealed_cable.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sealable Cable
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.air_lock_frame.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.air_lock_seal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.aluminum_wire.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.aluminum_wire.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.arclamp.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Arc Lamp
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.basic_block_core.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.basic_block_core.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.basic_block_moon.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.basic_block_moon.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.block_multi.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.boss_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.boss_spawner.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.breatheable_air.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.breatheable_air.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.bright_air.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.bright_air.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.bright_breathable_air.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bright_breathable_air.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.cargo.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.cheese.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Cheese
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.collector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.compact_workbench.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Compact NASA Workbench
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.concealed_detector.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Player Detector
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.concealed_redstone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hidden Redstone Wire
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.concealed_repeater.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.concealed_repeater_pow.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.dishbase.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Communications Dish
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.distributor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.emergency_box.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Emergency Post
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.enclosed.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.fallen_meteor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.fluid_pipe.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.fluid_pipe_pull.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.fluid_tank.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Tank
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.fuel.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Gasoline
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.fuel_loader.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fuel Loader
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.glowstone_torch.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating10.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating100.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating101.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating102.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating103.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating104.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating105.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating106.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating107.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating108.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating109.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating11.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating110.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating111.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating112.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating113.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating114.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating115.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating116.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating117.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating118.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating119.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating12.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating120.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating121.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating122.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating123.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating124.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating125.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating126.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating127.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating128.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating129.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating13.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating130.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating131.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating132.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating133.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating134.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating135.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating136.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating137.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating138.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating139.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating14.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating140.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating141.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating142.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating143.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating144.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating145.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating146.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating147.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating148.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating149.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating15.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating150.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating151.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating152.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating153.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating154.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating155.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating156.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating157.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating158.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating159.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating16.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating160.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating161.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating162.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating163.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating164.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating165.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating166.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating167.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating168.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating169.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating17.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating170.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating171.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating172.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating173.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating174.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating175.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating176.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating177.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating178.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating179.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating18.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating180.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating181.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating182.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating183.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating184.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating185.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating186.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating187.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating188.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating189.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating19.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating190.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating191.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating192.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating193.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating194.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating195.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating196.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating197.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating198.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating199.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating20.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating200.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating201.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating202.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating203.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating204.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating205.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating206.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating207.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating208.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating209.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating21.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating210.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating211.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating212.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating213.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating214.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating215.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating216.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating217.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating218.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating219.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating22.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating220.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating221.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating222.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating223.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating224.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating225.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating226.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating227.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating228.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating229.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating23.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating230.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating231.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating232.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating233.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating234.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating235.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating236.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating237.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating238.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating239.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating24.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating240.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating241.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating242.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating243.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating244.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating245.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating246.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating247.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating248.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating249.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating25.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating250.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating251.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating252.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating253.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating254.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating255.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating256.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating257.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating258.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating259.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating26.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating260.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating261.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating262.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating263.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating264.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating265.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating266.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating267.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating268.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating269.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating27.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating270.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating271.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating272.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating273.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating274.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating275.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating276.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating277.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating278.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating279.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating28.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating280.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating281.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating282.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating283.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating284.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating285.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating286.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating287.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating288.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating289.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating29.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating290.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating291.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating292.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating293.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating294.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating295.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating296.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating297.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating298.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating299.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating30.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating300.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating301.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating302.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating303.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating304.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating305.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating306.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating307.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating308.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating309.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating31.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating310.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating311.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating312.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating313.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating314.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating315.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating316.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating317.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating318.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating319.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating32.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating320.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating321.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating322.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating323.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating324.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating325.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating326.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating327.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating328.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating329.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating33.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating330.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating331.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating332.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating333.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating334.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating335.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating336.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating337.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating338.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating339.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating34.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating340.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating341.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating342.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating343.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating344.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating345.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating346.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating347.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating348.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating349.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating35.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating350.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating351.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating352.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating353.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating354.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating355.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating356.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating357.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating358.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating359.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating36.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating360.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating361.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating362.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating363.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating364.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating365.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating366.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating367.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating368.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating369.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating37.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating370.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating371.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating372.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating373.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating374.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating375.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating376.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating377.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating378.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating379.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating38.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating380.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating381.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating382.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating383.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating384.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating385.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating386.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating387.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating388.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating39.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating4.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating40.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating41.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating42.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating43.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating44.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating45.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating46.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating47.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating48.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating49.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating5.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating50.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating51.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating52.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating53.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating54.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating55.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating56.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating57.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating58.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating59.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating6.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating60.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating61.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating62.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating63.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating64.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating65.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating66.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating67.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating68.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating69.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating7.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating70.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating71.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating72.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating73.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating74.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating75.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating76.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating77.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating78.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating79.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating8.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating80.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating81.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating82.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating83.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating84.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating85.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating86.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating87.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating88.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating89.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating9.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating90.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating91.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating92.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating93.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating94.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating95.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating96.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating97.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating98.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.grating99.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grating
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.landing_pad.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.landing_pad.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.landing_pad_full.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.machine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.machine2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.machine3.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine3.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.machine4.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine4.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.machine_tiered.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.machine_tiered.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.magnetic_table.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Magnetic Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.moon_stairs_brick.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.moon_stairs_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.oxygen_compressor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.oxygen_detector.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.panel_lighting.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.panel_lighting.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.parachest.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Parachest
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.platform.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hydraulic Platform
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.refinery.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.rocket_workbench.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK NASA Workbench
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.sealer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.slab_gc_double.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_gc_double.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.slab_gc_half.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_gc_half.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.solar.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.solar.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.space_glass_clear.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Glass (Clear)
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.space_glass_clear_tin.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.space_glass_clear_tin.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.space_glass_strong.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Glass (Strong)
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.space_glass_strong_tin.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.space_glass_strong_tin.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.space_glass_vanilla.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Glass
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.space_glass_vanilla_tin.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.space_glass_vanilla_tin.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.space_station_base.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Space Station Arrival Block
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.spin_thruster.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spin Thruster
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.telemetry.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.tin_stairs_1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.tin_stairs_2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.treasure_chest.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_lit.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stone Torch
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_stone_lit.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Stone Torch
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.view_screen.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Display Screen
fe.protection.break.galacticraftcore.wall_gc.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.wall_gc.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.asteroids_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.asteroids_block.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.beam_receiver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.beam_reflector.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.boss_spawner_mars.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.boss_spawner_mars.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.boss_spawner_venus.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.boss_spawner_venus.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.cavern_vines.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.crashed_probe.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crashed Probe
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.creeper_egg.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Creeper Egg
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.dense_ice.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dense Ice
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.geothermal_generator.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Geothermal Generator
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.laser_turret.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Laser Turret
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.mars.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.mars.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.mars_machine.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.mars_machine.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.mars_machine_t2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.mars_machine_t2.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.mars_stairs_brick.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.mars_stairs_cobblestone.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.miner_base.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.miner_base_full.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.slimeling_egg.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.slimeling_egg.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.sludge.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sludge
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.solar_array_controller.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Solar Array Controller
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.solar_array_module.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Solar Array Module
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.spacewart.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.spacewart.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.spout.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Vapor Spout
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.sulphuric_acid.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.telepad_fake.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.telepad_fake.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.telepad_short.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.treasure_t2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.treasure_t3.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.venus.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.venus.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.venus_rock_scorched.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Scorched Venus Rock
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.walkway.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.walkway.name
fe.protection.break.galacticraftplanets.web_torch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.web_torch.name
fe.protection.break.gendustry.extractor.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK DNA Extractor
fe.protection.break.gendustry.imprinter.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.break.gendustry.industrial_apiary.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.break.gendustry.liquiddna.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Liquid DNA
fe.protection.break.gendustry.liquifier.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.break.gendustry.mutagen.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen
fe.protection.break.gendustry.mutagen_producer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.break.gendustry.mutatron.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.mutatron_advanced.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Advanced mutatron
fe.protection.break.gendustry.protein.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Protein
fe.protection.break.gendustry.replicator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.break.gendustry.sampler.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.break.gendustry.transposer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.break.genetics.adv_machine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.genetics.binnie.bacteria.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteria.name
fe.protection.break.genetics.binnie.bacteria.poly.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteriapoly.name
fe.protection.break.genetics.binnie.bacteria.vector.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteriavector.name
fe.protection.break.genetics.binnie.dna.raw.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.rawdna.name
fe.protection.break.genetics.binnie.growth.medium.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.growthmedium.name
fe.protection.break.genetics.lab_machine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.genetics.machine.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.rope_fence.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Rope
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.rope_knot.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Rope Knot
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.rope_knot_acacia.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.rope_knot_birch.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.rope_knot_dark_oak.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.rope_knot_jungle.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.rope_knot_nether_brick.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.rope_knot_oak.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.rope_knot_spruce.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.salt_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Rock Salt Block
fe.protection.break.growthcraft.salt_ore.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Rock Salt Ore
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_door.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK item.apple_door.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_fence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Apple Fence
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Apple Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_leaves.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apple Leaves
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_log.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Apple Wood
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_planks.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apple Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.apple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_slab_half.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Apple Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.apple_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Apple Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_ethereal.*            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_ethereal.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_extended.*            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_fermented.*           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_fermented.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_intoxicated.*         # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_poisoned.*            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_poisoned.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_potent.*              # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_potent.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_potentextended.*      # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_potentextended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_juice.*                     # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_apple_juice.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_apples.rope_knot_apple.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Apple Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_door.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK item.bamboo_door.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_plank.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Planks
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_shoot.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_slab_half.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stalk.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bamboo.rope_knot_bamboo.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.beebox.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bee Box
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.beehive.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Beehive
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.fluid_honey.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_honey.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_ethereal.*                           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_mead_ethereal.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_extended.*                           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_mead_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_fermented.*                          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_mead_fermented.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_hyperextended.*                      # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_mead_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_intoxicated.*                        # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_mead_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_poisoned.*                           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_mead_poisoned.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_potent.*                             # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_mead_potent.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_potentextended.*                     # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_mead_potentextended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_young.*                              # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_mead_young.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_cellar.brew_kettle.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brew Kettle
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_cellar.cork_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cork Leaves
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_cellar.cork_log.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cork Wood
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_cellar.cork_log_stripped.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cork Wood (Stripped)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_cellar.cork_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.cork_sapling.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_cellar.culture_jar.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Culture Jar
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_cellar.ferment_barrel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_cellar.fruit_press.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fruit Press
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_cellar.fruit_presser.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.fruit_presser.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fishtrap (Deprecated)
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_acacia.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fishtrap
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_apple.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fishtrap
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_bamboo.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fishtrap
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_birch.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fishtrap
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_darkoak.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Fishtrap
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_jungle.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fishtrap
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_oak.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fishtrap
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_spruce.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fishtrap
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_ambrosia.*                  # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_green_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_juice.*                     # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_green_juice.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_portwine.*                  # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_green_portwine.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine.*                      # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_extended.*             # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_intoxicated.*          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_poisoned.*             # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_potent.*               # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_ambrosia.*                 # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_purple_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_juice.*                    # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_purple_juice.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_portwine.*                 # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_purple_portwine.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine.*                     # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_extended.*            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_intoxicated.*         # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_poisoned.*            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_potent.*              # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_ambrosia.*                    # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_red_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_juice.*                       # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_red_juice.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_portwine.*                    # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_red_portwine.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine.*                        # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_extended.*               # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_intoxicated.*            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_poisoned.*               # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_potent.*                 # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_fruit.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.native_grape_fruit.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine0.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.native_grape_vine0.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.native_grape_vine1.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine_leaves.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.native_grape_vine_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_extended.*                         # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_hyperextended.*                    # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_intoxicated.*                      # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_lager.*                            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_lager.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_normal.*                           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_normal.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_poisoned.*                         # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_poisoned.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_potent.*                           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_potent.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_unhopped.*                         # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_unhopped.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_young.*                            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_young.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_extended.*                          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_lager_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_hyperextended.*                     # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_lager_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_intoxicated.*                       # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_lager_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_magical.*                           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_lager_magical.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_normal.*                            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_lager_normal.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_poisoned.*                          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_lager_poisoned.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_potent.*                            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_lager_potent.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_potentextended.*                    # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_lager_potentextended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_young.*                             # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_lager_young.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_hops.hops.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.hops.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.cheese_aged.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.cheese_aged.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.cheese_press.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Press
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.cheese_vat.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Vat
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.cheese_waxed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.cheese_waxed.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.churn.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Churn
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.churn_plunger.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.churn_plunger.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.curds_aged.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.curds_aged.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.curds_simple.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.curds_simple.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.curds_waxed.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.curds_waxed.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_butter_milk.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_butter_milk.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_appenzeller.*                           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_appenzeller.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_asiago.*                                # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_asiago.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_casu_marzu.*                            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_casu_marzu.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_cheddar.*                               # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_cheddar.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_emmentaler.*                            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_emmentaler.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_gorgonzola.*                            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_gorgonzola.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_gouda.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_gouda.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_monterey.*                              # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_monterey.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_parmesan.*                              # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_parmesan.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_provolone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_provolone.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_ricotta.*                               # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cheese_ricotta.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_condensed_milk.*                               # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_condensed_milk.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cream.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_cream.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_extended.*                    # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_fermented.*                   # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_fermented.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_hyperextended.*               # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_poisoned.*                    # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_poisoned.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent.*                      # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent_extended.*             # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent_hyperextended.*        # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_milk.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_milk.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_milk_curds.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_milk_curds.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_rennet.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_rennet.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_skim_milk.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_skim_milk.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.fluid_whey.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_whey.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.pancheon.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pancheon
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_milk.thistle.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Thistle
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_extended.*                      # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_sake_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_fermented.*                     # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_sake_fermented.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_hyperextended.*                 # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_sake_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_magical.*                       # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_sake_magical.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_mash.*                          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_sake_mash.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_poisoned.*                      # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_sake_poisoned.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent.*                        # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent_extended.*               # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent_extended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent_hyperextended.*          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_water.*                         # (default: true) BREAK fluid.fluid_booze_sake_water.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.ricecrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.riceCrop.name
fe.protection.break.growthcraft_rice.ricepaddy.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rice Paddy
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Almond Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Apiary
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Arid Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Banana Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Beehive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.breadfruit_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Breadfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK White Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Brown Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Green Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Red Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Black Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Orange Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lime Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pink Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Date Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Durian Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fig Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Frost Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grinder.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Grinder
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ground Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.guava_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Guava Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.hazelnut_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hazelnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.honey.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.jackfruit_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jackfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lamington
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lime Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lychee_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lychee Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mango Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Maple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.market.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Market
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Olive Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamagavecrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamagavecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Almond
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamamaranthcrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamamaranthcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Apricot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamarrowrootcrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamarrowrootcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Avocado
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Banana
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambreadfruit.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Breadfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cashew
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcassavacrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcassavacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cherry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchickpeacrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamchickpeacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Coconut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Date
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Durian
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamelderberrycrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamelderberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fig
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamflaxcrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamflaxcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgigapicklecrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgigapicklecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgreengrapecrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgreengrapecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamguava.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Guava
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamhazelnut.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hazelnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamhuckleberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamhuckleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamjackfruit.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Jackfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamjicamacrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamjicamacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamjuniperberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamjuniperberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamjutecrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamjutecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkalecrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamkalecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkenafcrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamkenafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkohlrabicrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamkohlrabicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lemon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlentilcrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamlentilcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Lime
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlychee.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lychee
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammango.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Mango
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Maple Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammilletcrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pammilletcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammulberrycrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pammulberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Olive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Orange
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Papaya
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampassionfruit.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Passionfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampawpaw.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pawpaw
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Peach
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampear.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pear
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pecan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Plum
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamquinoacrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamquinoacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrambutan.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rambutan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsisalcrop.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsisalcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoursop.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Soursop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiderweb.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Spider Web
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtamarind.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Tamarind
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtarocrop.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamtarocrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtomatillocrop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamtomatillocrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Walnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.passionfruit_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Passion Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Pavlova
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pawpaw_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pawpaw Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Peach Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pear Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Plum Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Presser
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.rambutan_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Rambutan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Shaded Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Shipping Bin
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Soggy Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.soursop_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Soursop Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.spiderweb_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spider Web Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tamarind_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tamarind Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.waterfilter.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water Filter
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Water Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.well.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Well
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Windy Garden
fe.protection.break.hatstand.hatstand.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Hat Stand
fe.protection.break.ic2.air.*                                                             # (default: true) BREAK ic2.air.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.biogas.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK ic2.biogas.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.biomass.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK ic2.biomass.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.construction_foam.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK ic2.construction_foam.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.coolant.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK ic2.coolant.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.creosote.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK ic2.creosote.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.distilled_water.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK ic2.distilled_water.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.dynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dynamite
fe.protection.break.ic2.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK ic2.fence
fe.protection.break.ic2.foam.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK ic2.foam
fe.protection.break.ic2.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK ic2.glass
fe.protection.break.ic2.heavy_water.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK ic2.heavy_water.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.hot_coolant.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK ic2.hot_coolant.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.hot_water.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK ic2.hot_water.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.hydrogen.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK ic2.hydrogen.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.ic2.milk.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK ic2.milk.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.mining_pipe.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK ic2.mining_pipe
fe.protection.break.ic2.oxygen.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK ic2.oxygen.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.pahoehoe_lava.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK ic2.pahoehoe_lava.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.refractory_bricks.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Refractory Bricks
fe.protection.break.ic2.reinforced_door.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK ic2.reinforced_door.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.resource.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK ic2.resource
fe.protection.break.ic2.rubber_wood.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Wood
fe.protection.break.ic2.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK ic2.sapling.rubber.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.scaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK ic2.scaffold
fe.protection.break.ic2.sheet.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK ic2.sheet
fe.protection.break.ic2.steam.*                                                           # (default: true) BREAK ic2.steam.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.superheated_steam.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK ic2.superheated_steam.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.te.*                                                              # (default: true) BREAK ic2.te
fe.protection.break.ic2.uu_matter.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK ic2.uu_matter.name
fe.protection.break.ic2.wall.*                                                            # (default: true) BREAK ic2.wall
fe.protection.break.ic2.weed_ex.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK ic2.weed_ex.name
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.concrete.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.icbmclassic:concrete.name
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.cruiselauncher.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cruise Launcher
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.emptower.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK EMP Tower
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.explosives.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.icbmclassic:explosives.name
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.glassbutton.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Glass Button
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.glasspressureplate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.launcherbase.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.icbmclassic:launcherbase.name
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.launcherframe.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.icbmclassic:launcherframe.name
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.launcherscreen.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.icbmclassic:launcherscreen.name
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.multiblock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.icbmclassic:multiblock.name
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.radarstation.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Radar Station
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.reinforcedglass.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.break.icbmclassic.spikes.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.icbmclassic:spikes.name
fe.protection.break.ichoriumkit.bedrock_portal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.break.ichoriumkit.ichor_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ichor Block
fe.protection.break.ichoriumkit.nitor_vapor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.animal_byproduct_recolector.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Animal Sewer
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.animal_growth_increaser.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Animal Grower
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.animal_independence_selector.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Animal Baby Separator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.animal_resource_harvester.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Animal Rancher
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.animal_stock_increaser.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Animal Feeder
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.biofuel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Biofuel
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.biofuel_generator.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Biofuel Generator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.bioreactor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bioreactor
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.black_hole_controller.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Black Hole Controller (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.black_hole_controller_reworked.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Black Hole Controller v2.0
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.black_hole_label.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Black Hole Label
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.black_hole_tank.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Black Hole Tank
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.black_hole_unit.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Black Hole Unit
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.block_destroyer.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.block_placer.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block Placer
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.conveyor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.crop_enrich_material_injector.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Plant Fertilizer
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.crop_recolector.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Plant Gatherer
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.crop_sower.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Plant Sower
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.dye_mixer.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dye Mixer
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.enchantment_aplicator.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Applicator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.enchantment_extractor.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Extractor
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.enchantment_invoker.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Factory
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.enchantment_refiner.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Sorter
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.energy_field_provider.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Energy Field Provider
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.essence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Essence
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.fluid_crafter.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Crafter
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.fluid_pump.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Pump
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.fluiddictionary_converter.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Dictionary Converter
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.froster.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Froster
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.hydrator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hydrator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.if.pink_slime.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pink Slime
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.if.protein.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Protein
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.item_splitter.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Item Splitter
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.laser_base.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Laser Base
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.laser_drill.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Laser Drill
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.latex.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Latex
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.latex_processing_unit.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Latex Processing Unit
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.lava_fabricator.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lava Fabricator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.material_stonework_factory.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Material StoneWork Factory
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.meat.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Meat
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.milk.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.mob_detector.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mob Detector
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.mob_duplicator.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mob Duplicator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.mob_relocator.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mob Crusher
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.mob_slaughter_factory.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Mob Slaughter Factory
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.ore_fermenter.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fermentation Station
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.ore_processor.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ore Processor
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.ore_sieve.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Sieving Machine
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.ore_washer.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Washing Factory
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.oredictionary_converter.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Ore Dictionary Converter
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.petrified_fuel_generator.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Petrified Fuel Generator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.pitiful_fuel_generator.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Pitiful Fuel Generator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.plant_interactor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Plant Interactor
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.potion_enervator.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Potion Brewer
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.protein_generator.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Protein Generator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.protein_reactor.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Protein Reactor
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.resourceful_furnace.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Resourceful Furnace
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.sewage.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sewage
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.sewage_composter_solidifier.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Sewage Composter
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.sludge.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sludge
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.sludge_refiner.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sludge Refiner
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.spores_recreator.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Spores Recreator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.tree_fluid_extractor.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Tree Fluid Extractor
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.villager_trade_exchanger.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Villager Trade Exchanger
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.water_condensator.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Water Condensator
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.water_resources_collector.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Resources Fisher
fe.protection.break.industrialforegoing.wither_builder.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wither Builder
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.break.irontanks.copper_tank.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Copper Tank
fe.protection.break.irontanks.creative_tank.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Creative Tank
fe.protection.break.irontanks.diamond_tank.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Tank
fe.protection.break.irontanks.emerald_tank.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Tank
fe.protection.break.irontanks.gold_tank.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gold Tank
fe.protection.break.irontanks.iron_tank.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Iron Tank
fe.protection.break.irontanks.obsidian_tank.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Tank
fe.protection.break.irontanks.silver_tank.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Silver Tank
fe.protection.break.irontanks.void_tank.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Void Tank
fe.protection.break.jaopca.block_blockcertusquartz.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of %s
fe.protection.break.jaopca.block_blockchargedcertusquartz.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of %s
fe.protection.break.jaopca.block_blockniter.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of %s
fe.protection.break.jaopca.block_blocksulfur.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of %s
fe.protection.break.jaopca.fluid_moltencarbon.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.break.jaopca.fluid_moltencrystal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.break.jaopca.fluid_moltendarkiron.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.break.jaopca.fluid_moltenmagnesium.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.break.jaopca.fluid_moltenmercury.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.break.jaopca.fluid_moltenmeteoriciron.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.break.jaopca.fluid_moltenpalladium.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.break.jaopca.fluid_moltentungsten.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.break.jaopca.fluid_moltenuranium.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.crafting_table.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Logistics Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.crafting_table_fuzzy.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Logistics Fuzzy Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.frame.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Logistics Block Frame
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.pipe.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.logisticspipes.pipe.name
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.power_junction.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Logistics Power Junction
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.power_provider_eu.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Logistics EU Power Provider
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.power_provider_mj.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Logistics MJ Power Provider
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.power_provider_rf.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Logistics RF Power Provider
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.program_compiler.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Logistics Program Compiler
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.security_station.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Logistics Security Station
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.solid_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.logisticspipes.solid_block.name
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.statistics_table.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Logistics Statistics Table
fe.protection.break.logisticspipes.sub_multiblock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.logisticspipes.sub_multiblock.name
fe.protection.break.magicbees.effectjar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.break.magicbees.enchanted_earth.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.break.magicbees.hiveblock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.magicbees.hiveblock.name
fe.protection.break.mcmultipart.multipart.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.basicblock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cardboard Box
fe.protection.break.mekanism.energycube.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.gastank.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glow Panel
fe.protection.break.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.machineblock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.break.mekanism.oreblock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.break.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Road
fe.protection.break.mekanism.saltblock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.transmitter.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.break.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.break.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.break.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.break.mia.void_creator.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Void Creator
fe.protection.break.mia.white_sandstone_new.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.white_sandstone_new.name
fe.protection.break.mia.white_sandstone_new_slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.white_sandstone_new_slab.name
fe.protection.break.mia.white_sandstone_new_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.white_sandstone_new_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.mia.white_sandstone_stairs_brick.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK White Sandstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Activator Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Air
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.barrier.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Warding Aura
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bed.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beetroots.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Beetroots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_door.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bone_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Bone Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Brewing Stand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Chain Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Oak Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Chorus Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Chorus Plant
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.concrete.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Detector Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Plant
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_rod.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK End Rod
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Frosted Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Booster Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass_path.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Grass Path
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magma.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Magma Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.observer.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Observer
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.minecraft.prismarine.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Oak Sapling
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sea Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.slime.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Green Slime Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.structure_block.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Structure Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.structure_void.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Structure Void
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Oak Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK White Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Oak Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Oak Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Oak Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.modularrouters.item_router.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Item Router
fe.protection.break.modularrouters.template_frame.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Template Frame
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_hand.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Journey Cloth
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_shell.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Journey Cloth
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_spiral.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Journey Cloth
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.journey_hub_hand.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Journey Hub
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.journey_hub_shell.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Journey Hub
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.journey_hub_spiral.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Journey Hub
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.locked_bookstand.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Locked Bookstand
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.locked_lectern.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Locked Lectern
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.nexus_controller.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nexus Controller
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.traffic_cone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Safety Cone
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.unstable_portal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unstable Portal
fe.protection.break.moremystcraft.unstable_receptacle.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Unstable Book Receptacle
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.blockbookbinder.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Book Binder
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.blockbookreceptacle.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Book Receptacle
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.blockbookstand.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Bookstand
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.blockcrystal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Crystal
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.blockdecay.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Decay Effect
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.blockinkmixer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ink Mixer
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.blocklectern.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lectern
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.blocklinkmodifier.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Link Modifier
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.blockstarfissure.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Star Fissure
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.fluidblockblackink.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Black Ink
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.linkportal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Link Portal
fe.protection.break.mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Writing Desk
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Aluminum Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.apatite_crop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apatite Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.ardite_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ardite Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.basalt_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Basalt Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.basalz_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Basalz Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.blaze_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blaze Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.blitz_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blitz Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.blizz_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blizz Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.brass_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brass Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.bronze_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bronze Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_crop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.chicken_crop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chicken Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.coal_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.ma.coal_block.name
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.coal_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Coal Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_slab.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Cobbled Soulstone Slab
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_slab_full.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.ma.cobbled_soulstone_slab_full.name
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_stairs.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Cobbled Soulstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_wall.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ma.cobbled_soulstone_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_crop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_crop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.constantan_crop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Constantan Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.copper_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Copper Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.cow_crop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cow Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.creeper_crop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Creeper Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_crop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.desh_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Desh Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.diamond_crop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.dirt_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dirt Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.dye_crop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dye Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_crop.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.electrum_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Electrum Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.elementium_crop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Elementium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.emerald_crop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.end_crop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK End Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.end_inferium_ore.*                                # (default: true) BREAK §eEnd Inferium Ore
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.end_prosperity_ore.*                              # (default: true) BREAK End Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_crop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK End Steel Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.enderium_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enderium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.enderman_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Enderman Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_crop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.experience_crop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Experience Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_crop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fiery Ingot Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.fire_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fire Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.fluix_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_crop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Fluxed Electrum Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.ghast_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ghast Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_crop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_crop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Ingot Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_lamp.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.gold_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gold Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_crop.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Grains of Infinity Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.graphite_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Graphite Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.growth_accelerator.*                              # (default: true) BREAK §eGrowth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.guardian_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Guardian Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.ice_crop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.inferium_furnace.*                                # (default: true) BREAK §eInferium Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.inferium_furnace_active.*                         # (default: true) BREAK §eInferium Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.inferium_ore.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK §eInferium Ore
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.inferium_reprocessor.*                            # (default: true) BREAK §eInferium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.ingot_storage.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.ma.ingot_storage.name
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_furnace.*                             # (default: true) BREAK §6Intermedium Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_furnace_active.*                      # (default: true) BREAK §6Intermedium Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_reprocessor.*                         # (default: true) BREAK §6Intermedium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.invar_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Invar Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_crop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Iridium Ore Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.iron_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ironwood Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_crop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Knightmetal Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_crop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Knightslime Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_crop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.lead_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lead Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.limestone_crop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Limestone Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.lumium_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lumium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_crop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_crop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.marble_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Marble Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_crop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Meteoric Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.miners_torch.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Miner's Torch
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_crop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Flower Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.mystical_machine_frame.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Mystical Machine Frame
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.nature_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nature Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.nether_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.nether_inferium_ore.*                             # (default: true) BREAK §eNether Inferium Ore
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.nether_prosperity_ore.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Nether Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_crop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.nickel_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nickel Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.osmium_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Osmium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.peridot_crop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Peridot Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.pig_crop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pig Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.platinum_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Platinum Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.prosperity_ore.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_furnace.*                              # (default: true) BREAK §aPrudentium Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_furnace_active.*                       # (default: true) BREAK §aPrudentium Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_reprocessor.*                          # (default: true) BREAK §aPrudentium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_crop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_crop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rabbit Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_crop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.redstone_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_crop.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Refined Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.rubber_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Rubber Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.ruby_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ruby Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_crop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.seed_reprocessor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.sheep_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sheep Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.signalum_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Signalum Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.silicon_crop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Silicon Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.silver_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Silver Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_crop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.slime_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Slime Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.soul_glass.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Soul Glass
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.soul_glass_pane.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Soul Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.soularium_crop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Soularium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.soulstone.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ma.soulstone.name
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Soulstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_slab_full.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.ma.soulstone_brick_slab_full.name
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Soulstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_wall.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ma.soulstone_brick_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Soulstone Slab
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_slab_full.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.ma.soulstone_slab_full.name
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.spider_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spider Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.steel_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Steel Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Steeleaf Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.stone_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.storage.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.ma.storage.name
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.superium_furnace.*                                # (default: true) BREAK §bSuperium Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.superium_furnace_active.*                         # (default: true) BREAK §bSuperium Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.superium_reprocessor.*                            # (default: true) BREAK §bSuperium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.supremium_furnace.*                               # (default: true) BREAK §cSupremium Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.supremium_furnace_active.*                        # (default: true) BREAK §cSupremium Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.supremium_reprocessor.*                           # (default: true) BREAK §cSupremium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_crop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.tier1_inferium_crop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Tier 1 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.tier2_inferium_crop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Tier 2 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.tier3_inferium_crop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Tier 3 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.tier4_inferium_crop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Tier 4 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.tier5_inferium_crop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Tier 5 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.tin_crop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tin Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.tinkering_table.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tinkering Table
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.titanium_crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Titanium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_furnace.*                                # (default: true) BREAK §8Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_furnace_active.*                         # (default: true) BREAK §8Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_reprocessor.*                            # (default: true) BREAK §8Ultimate Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_crop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Uranium 238 Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.uranium_crop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Uranium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_crop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_crop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Void Metal Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.water_crop.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Water Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_crop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.witherproof_block.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Witherproof Block
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.witherproof_glass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Witherproof Glass
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.wood_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wood Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_crop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Yellorium Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.zinc_crop.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Zinc Crop
fe.protection.break.mysticalagriculture.zombie_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Zombie Crop
fe.protection.break.natura.amaranth_button.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Button
fe.protection.break.natura.amaranth_fence.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.amaranth_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.amaranth_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.amaranth_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.barley_crop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.barley_crop.name
fe.protection.break.natura.blaze_hopper.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blaze Hopper
fe.protection.break.natura.blaze_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.natura.blaze_rail_activator.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.natura.blaze_rail_detector.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.natura.blaze_rail_golden.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.break.natura.bloodwood_button.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood Button
fe.protection.break.natura.bloodwood_fence.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.bloodwood_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.bloodwood_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.bloodwood_trap_door.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.bluebells_flower.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bluebells
fe.protection.break.natura.clouds.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.clouds.name
fe.protection.break.natura.colored_grass.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.colored_grass.name
fe.protection.break.natura.colored_grass_slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.colored_grass_slab.name
fe.protection.break.natura.colored_grass_stairs_autumnal.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Autumnal Grass Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.colored_grass_stairs_bluegrass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Bluegrass Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.colored_grass_stairs_topiary.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Topiary Grass Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.cotton_crop.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.cotton_crop.name
fe.protection.break.natura.darkwood_button.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Button
fe.protection.break.natura.darkwood_fence.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.darkwood_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.darkwood_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.darkwood_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.eucalyptus_button.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.break.natura.eucalyptus_fence.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.eucalyptus_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.eucalyptus_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.fusewood_button.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Button
fe.protection.break.natura.fusewood_fence.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.fusewood_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.fusewood_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.fusewood_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.ghostwood_button.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.break.natura.ghostwood_fence.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.ghostwood_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.ghostwood_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.ghostwood_trap_door.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.hopseed_button.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Button
fe.protection.break.natura.hopseed_fence.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.hopseed_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.hopseed_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.hopseed_trap_door.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.lit_netherrack_furnace.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Furnace
fe.protection.break.natura.maple_button.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Maple Button
fe.protection.break.natura.maple_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Maple Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.maple_fence_gate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.maple_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.maple_trap_door.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Maple Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_berrybush_blightberry.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blightberry Bush
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_berrybush_duskberry.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Duskberry Bush
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_berrybush_skyberry.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Skyberry Bush
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_berrybush_stingberry.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stingberry Bush
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_blue_large_glowshroom.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_blue_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_bookshelves.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_bookshelves.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_button.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_door_bloodwood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.nether_door_bloodwood.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_door_darkwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.nether_door_darkwood.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_door_fusewood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.nether_door_fusewood.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_door_ghostwood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.nether_door_ghostwood.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_glass.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_glowshroom.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_green_large_glowshroom.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_green_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_heat_sand.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Heat Sand
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_leaves.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_leaves2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_leaves2.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_lever.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_logs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_logs.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_logs2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bloodwood
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_planks.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_planks.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_pressure_plate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_purple_large_glowshroom.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_purple_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_sapling.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_sapling2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_sapling2.oak.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_slab.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_slab.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_stairs_bloodwood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blood Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_stairs_darkwood.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_stairs_fusewood.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_stairs_ghostwood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_tainted_soil.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_tainted_soil.name
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_thorn_vines.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Thornvines
fe.protection.break.natura.nether_workbenches.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.nether_workbenches.name
fe.protection.break.natura.netherrack_furnace.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Nether Furnace
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_berrybush_blackberry.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Blackberry Bush
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_berrybush_blueberry.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_berrybush_maloberry.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Maloberry Bush
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_berrybush_raspberry.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_bookshelves.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_bookshelves.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_door_eucalyptus.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.overworld_door_eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_door_hopseed.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.overworld_door_hopseed.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_door_maple.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.overworld_door_maple.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_door_redwood.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.overworld_door_redwood.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_door_redwood_bark.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.overworld_door_redwood_bark.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_door_sakura.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.overworld_door_sakura.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_door_silverbell.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.overworld_door_silverbell.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_door_tiger.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK item.natura.overworld_door_tiger.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_leaves2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_leaves2.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_logs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_logs.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_logs2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_logs2.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_planks.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_planks.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_sapling2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_sapling2.oak.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_slab.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_slab2.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_stairs_amaranth.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_stairs_eucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_stairs_hopseed.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_stairs_maple.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Maple Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_stairs_redwood.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_stairs_sakura.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_stairs_silverbell.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_stairs_tiger.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tiger Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_stairs_willow.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Willow Stairs
fe.protection.break.natura.overworld_workbenches.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.overworld_workbenches.name
fe.protection.break.natura.redwood_button.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Button
fe.protection.break.natura.redwood_fence.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.redwood_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.redwood_leaves.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.redwood_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.natura.redwood_logs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.redwood_logs.name
fe.protection.break.natura.redwood_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.redwood_sapling.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.redwood_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.break.natura.redwood_trap_door.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.respawn_obelisk.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.natura.respawn_obelisk.name
fe.protection.break.natura.saguaro.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.break.natura.saguaro_baby.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Baby Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.break.natura.saguaro_fruit.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.break.natura.sakura_button.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Button
fe.protection.break.natura.sakura_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.sakura_fence_gate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.sakura_pressure_plate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.sakura_trap_door.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sakura Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.silverbell_button.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Button
fe.protection.break.natura.silverbell_fence.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.silverbell_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.silverbell_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.silverbell_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Silverbell Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.tiger_button.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Tiger Button
fe.protection.break.natura.tiger_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tiger Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.tiger_fence_gate.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Tiger Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.tiger_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tiger Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.tiger_trap_door.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tiger Trap Door
fe.protection.break.natura.willow_button.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Willow Button
fe.protection.break.natura.willow_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence
fe.protection.break.natura.willow_fence_gate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.natura.willow_pressure_plate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.natura.willow_trap_door.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Willow Trap Door
fe.protection.break.netherendingores.block_end_endermite.*                                # (default: true) BREAK End Stone Endermite Monster Egg
fe.protection.break.netherendingores.block_nether_netherfish.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack Netherfish Monster Egg
fe.protection.break.netherendingores.creative_tab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Creative Tab Block
fe.protection.break.netherendingores.ore_end_modded_1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherendingores:ore_end_modded_1.name
fe.protection.break.netherendingores.ore_end_modded_2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherendingores:ore_end_modded_2.name
fe.protection.break.netherendingores.ore_end_vanilla.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherendingores:ore_end_vanilla.name
fe.protection.break.netherendingores.ore_nether_modded_1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_modded_1.name
fe.protection.break.netherendingores.ore_nether_modded_2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_modded_2.name
fe.protection.break.netherendingores.ore_nether_vanilla.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_vanilla.name
fe.protection.break.netherendingores.ore_other_1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherendingores:ore_other_1.name
fe.protection.break.omlib.network_cable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.network_cable.name
fe.protection.break.openblocks.auto_anvil.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Auto Anvil
fe.protection.break.openblocks.auto_enchantment_table.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.openblocks.beartrap.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bear Trap
fe.protection.break.openblocks.big_button.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone Big Button
fe.protection.break.openblocks.big_button_wood.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Big Button
fe.protection.break.openblocks.block_breaker.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block Breaker
fe.protection.break.openblocks.block_placer.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block Placer
fe.protection.break.openblocks.builder_guide.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.break.openblocks.cannon.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Item Cannon
fe.protection.break.openblocks.canvas.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Canvas
fe.protection.break.openblocks.canvas_glass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Canvas
fe.protection.break.openblocks.donation_station.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Donation Station
fe.protection.break.openblocks.drawing_table.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Drawing Table
fe.protection.break.openblocks.elevator.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Elevator
fe.protection.break.openblocks.elevator_rotating.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.break.openblocks.fan.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fan
fe.protection.break.openblocks.flag.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flag
fe.protection.break.openblocks.golden_egg.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Golden Egg
fe.protection.break.openblocks.grave.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Grave
fe.protection.break.openblocks.guide.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Building Guide
fe.protection.break.openblocks.heal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Healer
fe.protection.break.openblocks.imaginary.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.break.openblocks.item_dropper.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Item Dropper
fe.protection.break.openblocks.ladder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.break.openblocks.paint_can.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Paint Can
fe.protection.break.openblocks.paint_mixer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Paint Mixer
fe.protection.break.openblocks.path.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Path
fe.protection.break.openblocks.projector.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Height Map Projector
fe.protection.break.openblocks.rope_ladder.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Rope Ladder
fe.protection.break.openblocks.scaffolding.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Scaffolding
fe.protection.break.openblocks.sky.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sky Block
fe.protection.break.openblocks.sponge.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.openblocks.sprinkler.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.openblocks.tank.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Tank
fe.protection.break.openblocks.target.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Target
fe.protection.break.openblocks.trophy.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Trophy
fe.protection.break.openblocks.vacuum_hopper.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.break.openblocks.village_highlighter.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Village Highlighter
fe.protection.break.openblocks.xp_bottler.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK XP Bottler
fe.protection.break.openblocks.xp_drain.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK XP Drain
fe.protection.break.openblocks.xp_shower.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK XP Shower
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.adapter.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Adapter
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.assembler.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.cable.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cable
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.capacitor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.carpetedcapacitor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.case1.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.case2.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.case3.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.casecreative.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.chameliumblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.charger.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.disassembler.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Disassembler
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.diskdrive.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Disk Drive
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.endstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.geolyzer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Geolyzer
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.hologram1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.hologram2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.keyboard.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Keyboard
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.microcontroller.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Microcontroller
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.motionsensor.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Motion Sensor
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.netsplitter.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Net Splitter
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.powerconverter.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Power Converter
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.powerdistributor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Power Distributor
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.print.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK 3D Print
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.printer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK 3D Printer
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.rack.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rack
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.raid.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Raid
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.redstone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone I/O
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.relay.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Relay
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.robot.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK robot.name
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.robotafterimage.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Robot
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.screen1.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.screen2.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.screen3.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.transposer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Transposer
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.waypoint.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Waypoint
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.base_addon.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.base_addon.name
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.disposable_item_turret.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.expander.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.expander.name
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.grenade_turret.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.incendiary_turret.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.laser_turret.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Laser Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.lever_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.machine_gun_turret.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Gun Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.potato_cannon_turret.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.rail_gun_turret.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.relativistic_turret.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.rocket_turret.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.teleporter_turret.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.break.openmodularturrets.turret_base.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Turret Base
fe.protection.break.planetprogression.advanced_launch_pad.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.break.planetprogression.advanced_launch_pad_full.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.break.planetprogression.block_multi.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.break.planetprogression.satellite_builder.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Satellite Builder
fe.protection.break.planetprogression.satellite_controller.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Satellite Controller
fe.protection.break.planetprogression.satellite_launcher.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Satellite Rocket Launch Module
fe.protection.break.planetprogression.telescope.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Telescope
fe.protection.break.planetprogression.telescope_fake_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.telescope_fake_block.name
fe.protection.break.playerplates.invisible_mossy_plate.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobble Pressure Plate (Invisible)
fe.protection.break.playerplates.invisible_obsidian_plate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Pressure Plate (Invisible)
fe.protection.break.playerplates.mossy_plate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobble Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.playerplates.obsidian_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.plethora.manipulator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Manipulator
fe.protection.break.plethora.redstone_integrator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone integrator
fe.protection.break.plustic.alumiteblock.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Alumite Block
fe.protection.break.plustic.invarblock.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Invar Block
fe.protection.break.plustic.mirionblock.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mirion Block
fe.protection.break.plustic.osgloglasblock.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Osgloglas Block
fe.protection.break.plustic.osmiridiumblock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Osmiridium Block
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_alumite.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Molten Alumite
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_desh.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Molten Desh
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_elementium.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Elementium
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_manasteel.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_mirion.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Molten Mirion
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_osgloglas.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Osgloglas
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_osmiridium.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Osmiridium
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_osmium.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Molten Osmium
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_refinedglowstone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Refined Glowstone
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_refinedobsidian.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Refined Obsidian
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_terrasteel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.break.plustic.plustic.molten_thaumium.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Thaumium
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.advanced_air_compressor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Air Compressor
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.advanced_liquid_compressor.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.advanced_pressure_tube.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Pressure Tube
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.aerial_interface.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Aerial Interface
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.air_cannon.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Air Cannon
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.air_compressor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Air Compressor
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.aphorism_tile.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Aphorism Tile
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.assembly_controller.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Assembly Controller
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.assembly_drill.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Assembly Drill
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.assembly_io_unit.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Assembly IO Unit
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.assembly_laser.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Assembly Laser
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.assembly_platform.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Assembly Platform
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.charging_station.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Charging Station
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.compressed_iron_block.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Compressed Iron
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.creative_compressor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Creative Compressor
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.drone_interface.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Drone Interface
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.drone_redstone_emitter.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.drone_redstone_emitter.name
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.electric_compressor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Electric Compressor
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.electrostatic_compressor.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Electrostatic Compressor
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.elevator_base.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Base
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.elevator_caller.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Caller
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.elevator_frame.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Frame
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.fake_ice.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fake_ice.name
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.fluid.diesel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Diesel
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.fluid.etchacid.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Etching Acid
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.fluid.kerosene.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Kerosene
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.fluid.lpg.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK LPG
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.fluid.lubricant.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lubricant
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.fluid.plastic.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Plastic
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.flux_compressor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Flux Compressor
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.gas_lift.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Gas Lift
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.heat_sink.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Heat Sink
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.kerosene_lamp.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Kerosene Lamp
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.kerosene_lamp_light.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.kerosene_lamp_light.name
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.liquid_compressor.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.liquid_hopper.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Hopper
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.omnidirectional_hopper.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Omnidirectional Hopper
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.plastic_mixer.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Mixer
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_door.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pneumatic Door
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_door_base.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pneumatic Door Base
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_dynamo.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pneumatic Dynamo
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_generator.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pneumatic Generator
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_glass.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Chamber Glass
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_interface.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Chamber Interface
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_valve.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Chamber Valve
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_wall.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Chamber Wall
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.pressure_tube.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Pressure Tube
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.programmable_controller.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Programmable Controller
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.programmer.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Programmer
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.refinery.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Refinery
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.security_station.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Security Station
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.sentry_turret.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sentry Turret
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.thermal_compressor.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Thermal Compressor
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.thermopneumatic_processing_plant.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Thermopneumatic Processing Plant
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.universal_sensor.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Universal Sensor
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.uv_light_box.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK UV Light Box
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.vacuum_pump.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Vacuum Pump
fe.protection.break.pneumaticcraft.vortex_tube.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Vortex Tube
fe.protection.break.portalgun.block_portal.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.portalgun.block.portal.name
fe.protection.break.powersuits.liquid_nitrogen.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.powersuits.liquid_nitrogen.name
fe.protection.break.powersuits.luxcapacitor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.break.powersuits.tinkertable.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.break.projectred-expansion.machine1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-expansion.machine2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-exploration.barrel.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-exploration.ore.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-exploration.stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-exploration.stone_wall.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.stoneWall.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-fabrication.ic_machine.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.fabrication.icMachine.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-illumination.lamp.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-relocation.frame.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.relocation.frame.name
fe.protection.break.quark.acacia_button.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.acacia_button.name
fe.protection.break.quark.acacia_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.acacia_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.break.quark.acacia_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.acacia_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.break.quark.andesite_speleothem.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.andesite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_acacia_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_acacia_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_acacia_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_acacia_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_acacia_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_acacia_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_acacia_wall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_acacia_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_birch_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_birch_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_birch_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_birch_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_birch_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_birch_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_birch_wall.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_birch_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_dark_oak_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_dark_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_dark_oak_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_dark_oak_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_dark_oak_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_dark_oak_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_dark_oak_wall.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_dark_oak_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_jungle_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_jungle_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_jungle_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_jungle_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_jungle_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_jungle_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_jungle_wall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_jungle_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_oak_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_oak_slab_double.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_oak_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_oak_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_oak_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_oak_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_oak_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_spruce_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_spruce_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_spruce_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_spruce_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_spruce_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_spruce_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.bark_spruce_wall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bark_spruce_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.biome_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biome_brick.name
fe.protection.break.quark.biome_cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.biome_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.break.quark.birch_button.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.birch_button.name
fe.protection.break.quark.birch_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.birch_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.break.quark.birch_trapdoor.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.birch_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.break.quark.blaze_lantern.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.blaze_lantern.name
fe.protection.break.quark.blaze_rod.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.blaze_rod.name
fe.protection.break.quark.brick_wall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.brick_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.candle.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK Candle
fe.protection.break.quark.carved_wood.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.carved_wood.name
fe.protection.break.quark.charred_nether_brick_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.charred_nether_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.charred_nether_brick_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.charred_nether_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.charred_nether_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.charred_nether_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.charred_nether_bricks.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.charred_nether_bricks.name
fe.protection.break.quark.chute.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.chute.name
fe.protection.break.quark.cobbed_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbed_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.cobbed_stone_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbed_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.cobbed_stone_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbed_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.cobbed_stone_wall.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobbed_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.cobblestone_mossy_slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobblestone_mossy_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.cobblestone_mossy_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobblestone_mossy_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.cobblestone_mossy_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.cobblestone_mossy_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.color_slime.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.color_slime.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_black.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_black.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_blue.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_blue.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_brown.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_brown.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_cyan.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_cyan.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_gray.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_gray.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_green.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_green.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_light_blue.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_light_blue.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_lime.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_lime.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_magenta.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_magenta.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_orange.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_orange.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_pink.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_pink.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_purple.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_purple.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_red.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_red.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_silver.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_silver.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_white.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_white.name
fe.protection.break.quark.colored_flowerpot_yellow.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.colored_flowerpot_yellow.name
fe.protection.break.quark.crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.break.quark.crystal_pane.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.crystal_pane.name
fe.protection.break.quark.custom_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.custom_chest.name
fe.protection.break.quark.custom_chest_trap.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.custom_chest_trap.name
fe.protection.break.quark.dark_oak_button.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.dark_oak_button.name
fe.protection.break.quark.dark_oak_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.dark_oak_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.break.quark.dark_oak_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.dark_oak_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.break.quark.dark_prismarine_wall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.dark_prismarine_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.diorite_speleothem.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.diorite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.break.quark.duskbound_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.duskbound_block.name
fe.protection.break.quark.duskbound_block_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.duskbound_block_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.duskbound_block_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.duskbound_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.duskbound_block_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.duskbound_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.duskbound_block_wall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.duskbound_block_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.duskbound_lantern.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.duskbound_lantern.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_wall.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_dark_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_dark_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_dark_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_wall.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_dark_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_prismarine_wall.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_prismarine_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.elder_sea_lantern.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.elder_sea_lantern.name
fe.protection.break.quark.end_bricks_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.end_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.end_bricks_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.end_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.end_bricks_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.end_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.end_bricks_wall.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.end_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.fire_stone_brick_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.fire_stone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.fire_stone_brick_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.fire_stone_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.fire_stone_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.fire_stone_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.fire_stone_brick_wall.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.fire_stone_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.fire_stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.fire_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.fire_stone_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.fire_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.fire_stone_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.fire_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.fire_stone_wall.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.fire_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.framed_glass.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.framed_glass.name
fe.protection.break.quark.framed_glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.framed_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.break.quark.glowcelium.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.glowcelium.name
fe.protection.break.quark.glowshroom.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.glowshroom.name
fe.protection.break.quark.glowshroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.glowshroom_block.name
fe.protection.break.quark.gold_button.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.gold_button.name
fe.protection.break.quark.granite_speleothem.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.granite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.break.quark.grate.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.grate.name
fe.protection.break.quark.gravisand.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.gravisand.name
fe.protection.break.quark.gunpowder_block.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.gunpowder_block.name
fe.protection.break.quark.hardened_clay_tiles.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.hardened_clay_tiles.name
fe.protection.break.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.hardened_clay_tiles_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.hardened_clay_tiles_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.hardened_clay_tiles_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.icy_stone_brick_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.icy_stone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.icy_stone_brick_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.icy_stone_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.icy_stone_brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.icy_stone_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.icy_stone_brick_wall.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.icy_stone_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.icy_stone_slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.icy_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.icy_stone_slab_double.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.icy_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.icy_stone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.icy_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.icy_stone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.icy_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.iron_button.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.iron_button.name
fe.protection.break.quark.iron_ladder.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.iron_ladder.name
fe.protection.break.quark.iron_plate.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.iron_plate.name
fe.protection.break.quark.iron_plate_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.iron_plate_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.iron_plate_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.iron_plate_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.iron_plate_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.iron_plate_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.iron_rod.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.iron_rod.name
fe.protection.break.quark.jasper.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.jasper.name
fe.protection.break.quark.jasper_speleothem.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.jasper_speleothem.name
fe.protection.break.quark.jasper_wall.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.jasper_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.jungle_button.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.jungle_button.name
fe.protection.break.quark.jungle_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.jungle_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.break.quark.jungle_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.jungle_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.break.quark.leaf_carpet.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaf_carpet.name
fe.protection.break.quark.lit_lamp.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.lit_lamp.name
fe.protection.break.quark.magma_bricks.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.magma_bricks.name
fe.protection.break.quark.magma_bricks_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.magma_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.magma_bricks_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.magma_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.magma_bricks_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.magma_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.midori_block.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.midori_block.name
fe.protection.break.quark.midori_block_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.midori_block_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.midori_block_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.midori_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.midori_block_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.midori_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.midori_block_wall.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.midori_block_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.midori_pillar.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.midori_pillar.name
fe.protection.break.quark.monster_box.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.monster_box.name
fe.protection.break.quark.nether_brick_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.nether_brick_fence_gate.name
fe.protection.break.quark.netherrack_speleothem.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.netherrack_speleothem.name
fe.protection.break.quark.paper_lantern.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.paper_lantern.name
fe.protection.break.quark.paper_wall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.paper_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.paper_wall_big.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.paper_wall_big.name
fe.protection.break.quark.paper_wall_sakura.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.paper_wall_sakura.name
fe.protection.break.quark.polished_netherrack.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.polished_netherrack.name
fe.protection.break.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_stairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_wall.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.polished_stone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.polished_stone.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_bricks_slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_bricks_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_bricks_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_bricks_wall.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_dark_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_dark_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_dark_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_dark_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_dark_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_dark_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_rough_wall.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_rough_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.prismarine_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.prismarine_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.purpur_block_wall.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.purpur_block_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.quartz_wall.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartz_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.quilted_wool.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quilted_wool.name
fe.protection.break.quark.rain_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.rain_detector.name
fe.protection.break.quark.red_nether_brick_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.red_nether_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.red_nether_brick_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.red_nether_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.red_nether_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.red_nether_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.red_sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.red_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.red_sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.red_sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.red_sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.red_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.red_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.red_sandstone_wall.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.red_sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.reed_block.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.reed_block.name
fe.protection.break.quark.reed_block_slab.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.reed_block_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.reed_block_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.reed_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.reed_block_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.reed_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.reed_block_wall.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.reed_block_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.roots.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.roots.name
fe.protection.break.quark.roots_black_flower.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.roots_black_flower.name
fe.protection.break.quark.roots_blue_flower.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.roots_blue_flower.name
fe.protection.break.quark.roots_white_flower.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.roots_white_flower.name
fe.protection.break.quark.rope.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.rope.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandstone_new.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_new.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandstone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandy_bricks.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandy_bricks.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandy_bricks_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandy_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandy_bricks_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandy_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandy_bricks_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandy_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sandy_bricks_wall.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.sandy_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.slate.*                                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.slate.name
fe.protection.break.quark.slate_speleothem.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.slate_speleothem.name
fe.protection.break.quark.slate_wall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.slate_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.smoker.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.smoker.name
fe.protection.break.quark.snow_bricks.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.snow_bricks.name
fe.protection.break.quark.snow_bricks_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.snow_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.snow_bricks_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.snow_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.snow_bricks_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.snow_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.snow_bricks_wall.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.snow_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.soul_sandstone.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.soul_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.soul_sandstone_slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.soul_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.soul_sandstone_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.soul_sandstone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.soul_sandstone_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.soul_sandstone_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.soul_sandstone_wall.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.soul_sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.spruce_button.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.spruce_button.name
fe.protection.break.quark.spruce_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.spruce_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.break.quark.spruce_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.spruce_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab_double.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_stairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_black_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_black_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_black_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_black_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_black_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_black_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_blue_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_blue_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_blue_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_brown_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_brown_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_brown_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_brown_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_brown_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_brown_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_cyan_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_cyan_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_cyan_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_cyan_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_cyan_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_cyan_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_gray_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_gray_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_gray_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_gray_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_gray_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_gray_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_green_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_green_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_green_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_green_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_green_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_green_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_light_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_light_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_light_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_lime_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_lime_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_lime_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_lime_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_lime_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_lime_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_magenta_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_magenta_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_magenta_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_magenta_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_magenta_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_magenta_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_orange_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_orange_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_orange_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_orange_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_orange_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_orange_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_pink_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_pink_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_pink_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_pink_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_pink_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_pink_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_purple_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_purple_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_purple_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_purple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_purple_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_purple_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_red_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_red_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_red_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_red_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_red_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_red_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_silver_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_silver_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_silver_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_silver_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_silver_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_silver_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_white_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_white_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_white_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_white_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_white_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_white_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_yellow_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_yellow_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_yellow_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_yellow_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stained_planks_yellow_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stained_planks_yellow_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_andesite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_andesite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_andesite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_wall.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_andesite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_andesite_slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_andesite_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_andesite_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_andesite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_andesite_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_andesite_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_andesite_wall.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_andesite_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_diorite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_diorite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_diorite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_wall.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_diorite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_diorite_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_diorite_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_diorite_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_diorite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_diorite_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_diorite_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_diorite_wall.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_diorite_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_granite_bricks_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_granite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_granite_bricks_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_granite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_granite_bricks_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_granite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_granite_bricks_wall.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_granite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_granite_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_granite_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_granite_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_granite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_granite_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_granite_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_granite_wall.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_granite_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_jasper_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_jasper_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_jasper_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_wall.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_jasper_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_jasper_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_jasper_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_jasper_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_jasper_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_jasper_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_jasper_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_slate_bricks_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_slate_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_slate_bricks_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_slate_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_slate_bricks_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_slate_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_slate_bricks_wall.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_slate_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_slate_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_slate_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_slate_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_slate_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_slate_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_slate_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_speleothem.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_speleothem.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stone_wall.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.stone_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stonebrick_mossy_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonebrick_mossy_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stonebrick_mossy_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonebrick_mossy_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stonebrick_mossy_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonebrick_mossy_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stonebrick_mossy_wall.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonebrick_mossy_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.stonebrick_wall.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.stonebrick_wall.name
fe.protection.break.quark.sugar_block.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.sugar_block.name
fe.protection.break.quark.thatch.*                                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.break.quark.thatch_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.thatch_slab_double.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.thatch_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thatch_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.turf.*                                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.turf.name
fe.protection.break.quark.turf_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.turf_slab.name
fe.protection.break.quark.turf_slab_double.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.turf_slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.quark.turf_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.turf_stairs.name
fe.protection.break.quark.vertical_planks.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.vertical_planks.name
fe.protection.break.quark.vertical_stained_planks.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.vertical_stained_planks.name
fe.protection.break.quark.world_stone_bricks.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.world_stone_bricks.name
fe.protection.break.quark.world_stone_carved.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.world_stone_carved.name
fe.protection.break.quark.world_stone_pavement.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.world_stone_pavement.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.abyssal.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.abyssal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.abyssal_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.abyssal_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.abyssal.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.abyssal_paver_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.abyssal_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.abyssal.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.abyssal_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Abyssal Stone
fe.protection.break.railcraft.actuator.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.actuator.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.admin_steam_producer.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Admin Steam Producer
fe.protection.break.railcraft.andesite.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.andesite.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.anvil.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.badlands.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.badlands.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.badlands_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Badlands Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.badlands_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.badlands.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.badlands_paver_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Badlands Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.badlands_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.badlands.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.battery_nickel_iron.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nickel-Iron Battery
fe.protection.break.railcraft.battery_nickel_zinc.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nickel-Zinc Battery
fe.protection.break.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.break.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon_empty.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Expended Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.break.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.break.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver_empty.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Expended Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.break.railcraft.blast_furnace.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Blast Furnace Brick
fe.protection.break.railcraft.bleachedbone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.bleachedbone_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bleached Bone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.bleachedbone_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.bleachedbone_paver_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bleached Bone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.bleachedbone_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.bloodstained.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.bloodstained_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bloodstained Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.bloodstained_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.bloodstained.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.bloodstained_paver_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bloodstained Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.bloodstained_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.bloodstained.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.boiler_firebox_fluid.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.break.railcraft.boiler_firebox_solid.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Solid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.break.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_high.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK High Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.break.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_low.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Low Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.break.railcraft.charge_feeder.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.charge.feeder.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.charge_trap.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Charge Trap
fe.protection.break.railcraft.chest_metals.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Metals Chest
fe.protection.break.railcraft.chest_void.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Void Chest
fe.protection.break.railcraft.coke_block.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.railcraft.coke_oven.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.break.railcraft.coke_oven_red.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Red Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.break.railcraft.creosote.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Creosote
fe.protection.break.railcraft.creosote_block.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Creosote Wood Block
fe.protection.break.railcraft.creosote_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.creosote.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.creosote_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Creosote Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.railcraft.creosote_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Creosote Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.detector.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.diorite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.diorite.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.engine_steam_high.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Steam Engine
fe.protection.break.railcraft.engine_steam_hobby.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hobbyist's Steam Engine
fe.protection.break.railcraft.engine_steam_low.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Commercial Steam Engine
fe.protection.break.railcraft.equipment.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.equipment.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.flux_transformer.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Flux Transformer
fe.protection.break.railcraft.force_track_emitter.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Force Track Emitter
fe.protection.break.railcraft.frame.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.break.railcraft.frostbound.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.frostbound.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.frostbound_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Frost Bound Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.frostbound_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.frostbound.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.frostbound_paver_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Frost Bound Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.frostbound_slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.frostbound.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.generic.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.generic.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.glass.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.glass.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.granite.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.granite.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.infernal.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.infernal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.infernal_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.infernal_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.infernal.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.infernal_paver_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.infernal_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.infernal.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.jaded.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.jaded.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.jaded_brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.jaded_double_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.jaded.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.jaded_paver_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.jaded_slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.jaded.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.jaded_stone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Jaded Stone
fe.protection.break.railcraft.logbook.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Logbook
fe.protection.break.railcraft.manipulator.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.manipulator.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.metal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.nether.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.nether.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.ore.*                                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.ore_magic.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.magic.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.ore_metal.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.metal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.ore_metal_poor.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.metal.poor.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.pearlized.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.pearlized.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.pearlized_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pearlized Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.pearlized_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.pearlized.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.pearlized_paver_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pearlized Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.pearlized_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.pearlized.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.post_metal.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.post_metal_platform.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.quarried.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.quarried.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.quarried_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Quarried Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.quarried_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.quarried.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.quarried_paver_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Quarried Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.quarried_slab.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.quarried.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.quarried_stone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Quarried Stone
fe.protection.break.railcraft.red_nether.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.red.nether.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.reinforced_concrete.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.reinforced.concrete.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.ritual.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ritual.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.rock_crusher.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Rock Crusher
fe.protection.break.railcraft.sandy.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.sandy_brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sandy Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.sandy_double_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.sandy.double.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.sandy_paver_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sandy Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.railcraft.sandy_slab.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.sandy.slab.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.signal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.signal_box.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.box.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.signal_dual.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.dual.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.steam.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.railcraft.steam_oven.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Steam Oven
fe.protection.break.railcraft.steam_turbine.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Steam Turbine Housing
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_iron_gauge.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Tank Gauge
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_iron_valve.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Iron Tank Valve
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_iron_wall.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Tank Wall
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_steel_gauge.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Steel Tank Gauge
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_steel_valve.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Steel Tank Valve
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_steel_wall.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Steel Tank Wall
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_water.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Water Tank Siding
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_elevator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_abandoned.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Abandoned Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_electric.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Electric Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_high_speed.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK High Speed Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_hs_electric.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK High Speed Electric Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_reinforced.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_strap_iron.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Strap Iron Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_force.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.force.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_outfitted.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.outfitted.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.trade_station.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Trade Station
fe.protection.break.railcraft.wire.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Charge Shunting Wire
fe.protection.break.railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.break.railcraft.worldspike.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.worldspike.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.worldspike_point.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Worldspike Point
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.generic_solid.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Generic Solid
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.generic_space.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Generic Space
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.maze_generator.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Maze Generator
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.spawn_script.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Script Block
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.structure_generator.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Structure Generator
fe.protection.break.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.spawn_command.name
fe.protection.break.redstonearsenal.storage.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.break.reforged.caltrop.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Caltrop
fe.protection.break.searedladder.seared_ladder.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Seared Ladder
fe.protection.break.statues.statue.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Statue
fe.protection.break.stevescarts.blockactivator.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Module Toggler
fe.protection.break.stevescarts.blockadvdetector.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.stevescarts.blockcargomanager.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cargo Manager
fe.protection.break.stevescarts.blockcartassembler.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cart Assembler
fe.protection.break.stevescarts.blockdetector.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.break.stevescarts.blockdistributor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK External Distributor
fe.protection.break.stevescarts.blockjunction.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Junction Rail
fe.protection.break.stevescarts.blockliquidmanager.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Manager
fe.protection.break.stevescarts.blockmetalstorage.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.break.stevescarts.upgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.cable.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Inventory Cable
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.cable_breaker.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block Gate
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.cable_bud.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block Detector
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.cable_camouflage.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.cable_cluster.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.cable_input.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.cable_intake.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.cable_output.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.cable_relay.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.cable_sign.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sign Updater
fe.protection.break.superfactorymanager.manager.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.break.supersoundmuffler.sound_muffler.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Super Sound Muffler
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.blood.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.casting.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Casting Channel
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.faucet.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Seared Faucet
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.glow.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Glow
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.milk.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK fluid.milk.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ardite
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Brass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Bronze
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Clay
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Copper
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrum
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Molten Emerald
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_enderium.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.enderium.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK fluid.glass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Gold
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_invar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK fluid.invar.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_iridium.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.iridium.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Iron
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lead
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_lumium.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK fluid.lumium.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Nickel
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_platinum.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.platinum.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_signalum.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK fluid.signalum.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Molten Silver
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Molten Steel
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Molten Tin
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Zinc
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.punji.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Punji Sticks
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.rack.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.soil.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone Ladder
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stone Torch
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Tool Forge
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Amber Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Amber Bricks
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Ear
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Workbench Charger
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Black Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blue Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Brown Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Gray Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Green Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lime Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Orange Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pink Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Purple Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Warding Aura
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cinderpearl
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Flux Condenser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Crucible
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Air Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Water Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Fire Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Order Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Earth Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Flux Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                                  # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glimmer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Sapping Field
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Static Field
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.empty.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Empty Space
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Everfull Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Flesh
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Flux Goo
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.hole.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Chest
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Runic Matrix
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Warded Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Void Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Death
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Log
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Log
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Common Crate
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Rare Crate
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Common Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Rare Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Brass Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Void Metal Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magic Mirror
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Black Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Blue Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Brown Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Gray Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Green Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lime Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Orange Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Pink Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purple Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Red Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK White Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Barrier Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Relay
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Research Table
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.spa.*                                                      # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Spa
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Stabilizer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Rock
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Porous Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Stone Table
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Wood Table
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Crusted Taint
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Swollen Taint
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Taint Geyser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Taintwood Log
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Rock
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Soil
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Thaumatorium
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Thaumatorium
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube.*                                                     # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Valve
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Vis Battery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Vis Generator
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vishroom
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Void Siphon
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_greatwood.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_silverwood.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_thaumium.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Arcane Door
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_terraformer.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Terraformer
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_metal.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_silverwood.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_wood.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.bars.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicaugmentation.bars.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.button_arcane_stone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Button
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.button_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Button
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.button_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Button
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.capstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicaugmentation.capstone.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.crab_vent.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Crusted Opening
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Lock
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock_impetus.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Lock
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.fortified_glass.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Fortified Glass
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.fortified_glass_pane.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Fortified Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.glass_tube.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glass Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_creative.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_creative.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_diffuser.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Impetus Diffuser
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_drainer.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Impetus Drainer
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_gate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Impetus Gate
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_generator.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Impetus Generator
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_matrix.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Impetus Matrix
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_matrix_base.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Impetus Matrix Base
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_mirror.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Impetus Mirror
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_relay.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Impetus Relay
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.item_grate.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Item Grate
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_arcane_stone.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_greatwood.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_silverwood.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.rift_barrier.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.rift_feeder.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Flux Inducer
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.rift_jar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Rift in a Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.rift_monitor.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Extradimensional Monitor
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.rift_mover_input.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Metaspatial Accumulator
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.rift_mover_output.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Metaspatial Extruder
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicaugmentation.slab.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicaugmentation.slab_double.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.stability_field_generator.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Stability Field Generator
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.stairs_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.stairs_eldritch_tile.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.starfield_glass.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicaugmentation.starfield_glass.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.stone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicaugmentation.stone.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.strange_crystal.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Strange Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.taint_flower.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Flower
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.temporary_light.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Casted Light
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.urn.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumicaugmentation.urn.name
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.vis_regenerator.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Vis Regenerator
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.void_recharge_pedestal.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Void Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_arcane_stone.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Arcane Button
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_greatwood.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Arcane Button
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_silverwood.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Arcane Button
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.warded_chest.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Warded Chest
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_arcane_stone.*              # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_greatwood.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_silverwood.*                # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.thaumicenergistics.infusion_provider.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Infusion Provider
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.animation_tablet.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.dissimulation.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dissimulation Block
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.dummy_nitor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumictinkerer:dummy_nitor.name
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.enchantment_pillar.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Enchanting Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.example.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Placeholder Block
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.funnel.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.magnet.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.mob_magnet.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Corporeal Attractor
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.nitor_vapor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumictinkerer:nitor_vapor.name
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.osmotic_enchanter.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.repairer.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.transvector_dislocator.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.transvector_interface.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Interface
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.alkahest_vat.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Alkahest Vat
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.catalyzation_chamber.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.cinderpearl_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cinderpearl
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.coalescence_matrix.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Coalescence Matrix
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.coalescence_matrix_precursor.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Coalescence Matrix
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.creative_essentia_jar.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Creative Essentia Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.dimensional_ripper.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Ripper
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.everburning_urn.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Everburning Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.fluid_quicksilver.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Quicksilver
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.flux_capacitor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.flux_distiller.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flux Distiller
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.hexamite.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Hexamite
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.inspiration_engine.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Inspiration Engine
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.madness_engine.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Madness Engine
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.meaty_orb.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Meaty Orb
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.meteorb.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Meteorb
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.ore_diviner.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ore Diviner
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.placeholder_adv_alch_construct.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.placeholder_arcane_stone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.placeholder_obsidian.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.placeholder_thaumium_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.placeholder_void_metal_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.portal_anchor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Portal Anchor
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.portal_generator.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Portal Generator
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Accelerator
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator_terminus.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Accelerator Terminus
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator_tunnel.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Accelerator Tunnel
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.primordial_accretion_chamber.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.shimmerleaf_crop.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.vishroom_crop.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Vishroom
fe.protection.break.thaumicwonders.void_beacon.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Void Beacon
fe.protection.break.thaumtweaks.crafter.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Crafter
fe.protection.break.thermalcultivation.soil.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalcultivation.soil.name
fe.protection.break.thermaldynamics.duct_0.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.thermaldynamics.duct_16.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.thermaldynamics.duct_32.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.thermaldynamics.duct_48.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.thermaldynamics.duct_64.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.break.thermalexpansion.apparatus.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.apparatus.name
fe.protection.break.thermalexpansion.cache.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.break.thermalexpansion.cell.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.break.thermalexpansion.device.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.break.thermalexpansion.dynamo.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.break.thermalexpansion.machine.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.break.thermalexpansion.strongbox.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.break.thermalexpansion.tank.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.fluid_aerotheum.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.fluid_crude_oil.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crude Oil
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.fluid_cryotheum.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.fluid_ender.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Resonant Ender
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.fluid_glowstone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.fluid_mana.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Primal Mana
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.fluid_petrotheum.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.fluid_pyrotheum.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.fluid_redstone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.glass.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.glass.name
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.glass_alloy.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.glass.name
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.ore.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.ore_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.rockwool.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.rockwool.name
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.storage.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.storage_alloy.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.break.thermalfoundation.storage_resource.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.break.torchmaster.dread_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Dread Lamp
fe.protection.break.torchmaster.feral_flare_lantern.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Feral Flare Lantern
fe.protection.break.torchmaster.invisible_light.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.torchmaster.invisible_light.name
fe.protection.break.torchmaster.mega_torch.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.torchmaster.mega_torch.name
fe.protection.break.torchmaster.terrain_lighter.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Terrain Lighter
fe.protection.break.translocators.craftinggrid.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Grid
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_corner_ne.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_corner_nw.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_corner_se.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_corner_sw.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_end_e.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_end_n.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_end_s.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_end_w.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_side_e.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_side_n.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_side_s.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.treechop.chopped_log_side_w.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Block
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.block_storage.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.canopy_button.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Button
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.canopy_door.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK item.twilightforest.CanopyDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.canopy_doubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.canopy_fence.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Fence
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.canopy_gate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Gate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.canopy_planks.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Planks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.canopy_plate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.canopy_slab.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.canopy_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.canopy_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Canopy Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_door.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Worn Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cicada.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cicada
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cinder Log [NYI]
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_button.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Button
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_door.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.twilightforest.DarkDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_doubleslab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Fence
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_gate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Gate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_planks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Planks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_plate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.firefly.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Firefly
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Firefly Jar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.force_field.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Giant Leaves
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Giant Log
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.hedge.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Huge Stalk
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.iron_ladder.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ladder
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mangrove_button.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Button
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mangrove_door.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK item.twilightforest.MangroveDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mangrove_doubleslab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mangrove_fence.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mangrove_gate.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Gate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mangrove_planks.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Planks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mangrove_plate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mangrove_slab.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mangrove_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mangrove_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mine_button.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Minewood Button
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mine_door.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.twilightforest.MineDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mine_doubleslab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Minewood Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mine_fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Minewood Fence
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mine_gate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Minewood Gate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mine_planks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Minewood Planks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mine_plate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Minewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mine_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Minewood Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mine_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Minewood Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.mine_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Minewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Moonworm
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.root.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.slider.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.sort_button.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sortingwood Button
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.sort_door.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.twilightforest.SortDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.sort_doubleslab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sortingwood Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.sort_fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sortingwood Fence
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.sort_gate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sortingwood Gate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.sort_planks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sortingwood Planks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.sort_plate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sortingwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.sort_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sortingwood Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.sort_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Sortingwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.sort_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sortingwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.stone_twist.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.StonePillar.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.stone_twist_thin.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.StonePillarThin.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stronghold Shield
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.terrorcotta_circle.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Terrorcotta (Circular)
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.terrorcotta_diagonal.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Terrorcotta (Diagonal)
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Thorn Rose
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.thorns.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.time_button.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Timewood Button
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.time_door.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK item.twilightforest.TimeDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.time_doubleslab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Timewood Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.time_fence.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Timewood Fence
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.time_gate.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Timewood Gate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.time_planks.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Timewood Planks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.time_plate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Timewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.time_slab.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Timewood Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.time_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Timewood Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.time_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Timewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.tower_device.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trans_button.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Transwood Button
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trans_door.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK item.twilightforest.TransDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trans_doubleslab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Transwood Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trans_fence.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Transwood Fence
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trans_gate.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Transwood Gate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trans_planks.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Transwood Planks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trans_plate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Transwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trans_slab.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Transwood Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trans_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Transwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trans_trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Transwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trollber.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Trollber
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Trollsteinn
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Trollvidr
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trophy.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_oak_button.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Oak Button
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_oak_door.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK item.twilightforest.TwilightOakDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_oak_doubleslab.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Oak Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_oak_fence.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_oak_gate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Oak Gate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_oak_planks.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Oak Planks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_oak_plate.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Oak Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_oak_slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Oak Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_oak_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Oak Stairs
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_oak_trapdoor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Uberous Soil
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.break.worldcontrol.extremereactormonitor.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Extreme Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.break.worldcontrol.howler_alarm.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Howler Alarm
fe.protection.break.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_monitor.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK IC2 Thermal Monitor
fe.protection.break.worldcontrol.ic2_remote_reactor_monitor.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.worldcontrol.ic2_remote_reactor_monitor.name
fe.protection.break.worldcontrol.industrial_alarm.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Alarm
fe.protection.break.worldcontrol.info_panel.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Basic Info Panel
fe.protection.break.worldcontrol.info_panel_advanced.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.worldcontrol.worldcontrol:info_panel_advanced.name
fe.protection.break.worldcontrol.info_panel_extender.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Basic Info Panel Extender
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.altar.*                                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.altar.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.apothecary_cauldron.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.apothecary_mortar.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.fertile_lilypad.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.fertile_lilypad.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.interdiction_torch.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.pedestal.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pedestal.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.pedestal_passive.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pedestal_passive.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.wraith_node.name
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.batterycomputerport.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.batterycontroller.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Battery Controller
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.batteryelectrode.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Battery Electrode
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.batteryglass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Battery Glass
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.batterypowertap.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.batterywall.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Battery Wall
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.blockgraphite.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Graphite
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.ecatalogue.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK E-Catalogue
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.nfcprogrammer.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK NFC Programmer
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.nfcreader.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK NFC Reader
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.quarryfixer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Quarry Fixer
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK FU Meter
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.smartcardterminalblock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Smart Card Terminal [WIP]
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sulfurousacid.name
fe.protection.break.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.explode.*                                                                   # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.additionalpipes.teleport_tether.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleport Tether
fe.protection.explode.advanced_machines.machines.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE advanced_machines.machines
fe.protection.explode.advanced_solar_panels.machines.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE advanced_solar_panels.machines
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.encoder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.grower.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.inscriber.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.ae2stuff.wireless.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Controller
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE §a16k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE §61k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE §e4k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE §b64k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Drive
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ME IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.explode.aquaacrobatics.bubble_column.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tile.aquaacrobatics.bubble.column.name.name
fe.protection.explode.aroma1997sdimension.miningore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.aroma1997sdimension:miningOre.name
fe.protection.explode.aroma1997sdimension.miningportal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.aroma1997sdimension.portalframe.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal Frame
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bell.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.case.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.clock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.desk.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Disc Rack
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.label.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.seat.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.table.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.blockblutonium.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Blutonium Block
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.blockcyanite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyanite Block
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.blockgraphite.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Graphite Block
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.blockludicrite.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ludicrite Block
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.blocksteel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Block
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.blockyellorium.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellorium Block
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.cyanite.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bigreactors:cyanite.name
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.oreanglesite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Anglesite Ore
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.orebenitoite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Benitoite Ore
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.oreyellorite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellorite Ore
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactoraccessport.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Access Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorcasing.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Casing (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorcomputerport.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Computer Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorcontroller.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Controller (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorcontrolrod.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Control Rod (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorcoolantport.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Coolant Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorcreativecoolantport.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Creative Coolant Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorfuelrod.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Fuel Rod (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorglass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Glass (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorpowertaprf.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Redstone Flux Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorpowertaptesla.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Tesla Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorrednetport.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor RedNet Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.reactorredstoneport.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reactor Redstone Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbinebearing.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Rotor Bearing (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbinecomputerport.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Computer Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbinecontroller.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Controller (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbinecreativesteamgenerator.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Creative Steam Generator (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbinefluidport.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Fluid Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbineglass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Glass (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbinehousing.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Housing (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbinepowertaprf.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Redstone Flux Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbinepowertaptesla.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Tesla Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbinerotorblade.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Rotor Blade (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.turbinerotorshaft.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turbine Rotor Shaft (Legacy)
fe.protection.explode.bigreactors.yellorium.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bigreactors:yellorium.name
fe.protection.explode.binniecore.storage.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Fire
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bramble
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Sand
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ebony Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Flesh
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Block
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ivy
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbran Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE White Sand
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Vine
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Block
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_block_reinforced.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Block
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_door.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Door
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_door_reinforced.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Door
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_double_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.editable_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_double_slab_reinforced.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.editable_double_slab_reinforced.name
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_fence.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Fence
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_fence_reinforced.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Fence
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_inner_corner.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Inner Corner
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_inner_corner_reinforced.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Inner Corner
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_outer_corner.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Outer Corner
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_outer_corner_reinforced.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Outer Corner
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_all.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Pressure Plate (All)
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_all_reinforced.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (All)
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_items.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Pressure Plate (Items)
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_items_reinforced.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Items)
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_mobs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Pressure Plate (Mobs)
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_mobs_reinforced.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Mobs)
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_player.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Pressure Plate (Players)
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_player_reinforced.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Players)
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Slab
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_slab_reinforced.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Slab
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_slant.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Slant
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_slant_reinforced.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Slant
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Stairs
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_stairs_reinforced.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Stairs
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_trap_door.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_trap_door_reinforced.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Framed Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_wall.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.editable_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.blockcraftery.editable_wall_reinforced.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.editable_wall_reinforced.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.alchemy_array.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemy Array
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.alchemy_table.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemy Table
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.altar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Altar
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.blood_light.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Light
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.blood_rune.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.rune..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.blood_tank.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Tank
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.decorative_brick.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_brick_1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.bricks1..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_brick_2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.bricks2..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_crucible.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Crucible
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_crystal.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.demonCrystal..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_crystallizer.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Crystallizer
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_extras.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.extras..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_light.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.demonlight..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.pillar1..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.pillar2..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap1..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap2..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_3.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap3..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_pylon.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Demon Pylon
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.stairs1..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.stairs2..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_3.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.stairs3..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.demon_wall_1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.wall1..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.dimensional_portal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Portal
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.incense_altar.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Incense Altar
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.input_routing_node.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Input Routing Node
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.inversion_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.inversionpillar..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.inversion_pillar_end.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.inversionpillarend..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.item_routing_node.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Routing Node
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.life_essence.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Life Essence
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.master_routing_node.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Master Routing Node
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.mimic.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.mimic..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.output_routing_node.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Output Routing Node
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.path.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.path..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.phantom.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Block
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.ritual_controller.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.stone.ritual..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.ritual_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.ritualStone..name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.soul_forge.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellfire Forge
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.spectral.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bloodmagic.spectral.name
fe.protection.explode.bloodmagic.teleposer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleposer
fe.protection.explode.botania.alchemycatalyst.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.alfheimportal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.altar.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.altgrass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.animatedtorch.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.animatedTorch.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.avatar.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.bellows.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.explode.botania.bifrost.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.bifrostperm.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.bifrostpermpane.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea0slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea0slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea0stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea0wall.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea10slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea10slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea10stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea11slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea11slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea11stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea12slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea12slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea12stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea13slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea13slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea13stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea14slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea14slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea14stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea15slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea15slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea15stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea1slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea1slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea1stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea2slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea2slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea2stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea3slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea3slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea3stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea4slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea4slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea4stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea5slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea5slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea5stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea6slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea6slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea6stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea7slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea7slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea7stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea8slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea8slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea8stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea9slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea9slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea9stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb0slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb0slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb0stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb1slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb1slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb1stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb2slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb2slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb2stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb3slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb3slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb3stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb4slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb4slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb4stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb5slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb5slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb5stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb6slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb6slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb6stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb7slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb7slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb7stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.blazeblock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.brewery.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.buriedpetals.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.cacophoniumblock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.cellblock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.cocoon.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.conjurationcatalyst.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.corporeacrystalcube.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.corporeafunnel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.corporeaindex.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.corporeainterceptor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.corporearetainer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.custombrick.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.distributor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.explode.botania.doubleflower1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.doubleflower2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood0slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood0slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood0stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood0wall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood1slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood1slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood1stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.elfglass.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.elfglasspane.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.enchantedsoil.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.enchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.endereyeblock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.fakeair.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.felpumpkin.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.floatingspecialflower.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.flower.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.forestdrum.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.foresteye.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.gaiaheadblock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.ghostrail.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.hourglass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.incenseplate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.lightlauncher.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.lightrelay.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock0slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock0slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock0stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock0wall.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock1slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock1slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock1stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood0slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood0slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood0stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood0wall.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood1slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood1slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood1stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.manabomb.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.manadetector.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.manaflame.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.managlass.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.managlasspane.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.manavoid.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.miniisland.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.botania.opencrate.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement0slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement0slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement0stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement1slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement1slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement1stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement2slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement2slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement2stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement3slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement3slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement3stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement4slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement4slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement4stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement5slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement5slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement5stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.petalblock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pistonrelay.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.platform.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydraulic Platform
fe.protection.explode.botania.pool.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.prism.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pump.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pylon.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabblazefull.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabblazehalf.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabdarkfull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabdarkhalf.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabelffull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabelfhalf.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslablavenderfull.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslablavenderhalf.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabmanafull.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabmanahalf.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabredfull.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabredhalf.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabsunnyfull.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabsunnyhalf.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairsblaze.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairsdark.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairself.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairslavender.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairsmana.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairsred.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairssunny.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypeblaze.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypedark.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypeelf.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypelavender.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypemana.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypered.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypesunny.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringcomparator.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringcontainer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringdispenser.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringfertilizer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringinterceptor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringrelay.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.rfgenerator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.root.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.root.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.runealtar.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerrock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerrock0slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerrock0slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerrock0stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerwoodplanks.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slabfull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shinyflower.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.solidvine.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.sparkchanger.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.spawnerclaw.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.specialflower.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.spreader.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.starfield.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.storage.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.terraplate.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.teruterubozu.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.tinyplanetblock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.tinypotato.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.turntable.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.ceramic.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.ceramicbrick.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.ceramicpattern.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.flower.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Botany Flower
fe.protection.explode.botany.flowerbed.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE botany.soil.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.flowerbed_no_weed.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE botany.soil.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.loam.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE botany.soil.loam.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.loam_no_weed.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE botany.soil.loam.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.machine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.plant.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.soil.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE botany.soil.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.soil_no_weed.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE botany.soil.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.botany.stained.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftbuilders.architect.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.architectBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftbuilders.builder.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.builderBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftbuilders.filler.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fillerBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftbuilders.frame.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.frameBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftbuilders.library.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.libraryBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftbuilders.quarry.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quarryBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftbuilders.replacer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.replacerBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftcore.decorated.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.decorated.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftcore.engine.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftcore.marker_path.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pathMarkerBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftcore.marker_volume.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.markerBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftcore.spring.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spring.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_0.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_0.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_1.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_1.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_2.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_2.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_0.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_0.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_1.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_1.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_2.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_2.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_0.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_0.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_1.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_1.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_2.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_2.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_0.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_0.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_1.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_1.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_2.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_2.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_0.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_0.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_1.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_1.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_2.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_2.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_0.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_0.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_1.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_2.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_0.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_0.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_1.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_1.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_2.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_2.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_0.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_0.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_1.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_2.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_0.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_0.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_1.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_2.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_0.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_0.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_1.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_1.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_2.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_2.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftfactory.autoworkbench_item.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.autoWorkbenchBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftfactory.chute.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chuteBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftfactory.distiller.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.distiller.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftfactory.flood_gate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.floodGateBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftfactory.heat_exchange.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.heat_exchange.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftfactory.mining_well.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.miningWellBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftfactory.pump.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pumpBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftfactory.tank.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tankBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftfactory.tube.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tubeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftfactory.water_gel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.waterGel.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftrobotics.zone_planner.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.zonePlannerBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftsilicon.advanced_crafting_table.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.assemblyWorkbenchBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftsilicon.assembly_table.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.assemblyTableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftsilicon.integration_table.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.integrationTableBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcraftsilicon.laser.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.laserBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcrafttransport.filtered_buffer.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.filteredBufferBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.buildcrafttransport.pipe_holder.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pipeHolder.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bar_stool.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bar_stool.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.basin.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Basin
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bath_bottom.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bath
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bath_top.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bath
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedside_cabinet_acacia.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedside_cabinet_andesite.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedside_cabinet_birch.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedside_cabinet_dark_oak.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedside_cabinet_diorite.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedside_cabinet_granite.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedside_cabinet_jungle.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedside_cabinet_oak.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedside_cabinet_spruce.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bedside_cabinet_stone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bench.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Outdoor Bench
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bin.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bin
fe.protection.explode.cfm.bird_bath.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bird Bath
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blender.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Blender
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_acacia_closed.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_acacia_open.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_birch_closed.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_birch_open.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_closed.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_dark_oak_closed.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_dark_oak_open.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_jungle_closed.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_jungle_open.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_open.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_spruce_closed.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.blinds_spruce_open.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Blinds
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_andesite.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_diorite.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_granite.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_kitchen.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cabinet_kitchen.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_oak.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cabinet_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.candle.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Candle
fe.protection.explode.cfm.castle_netting.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Castle Netting
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ceiling_fan.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceiling Fan
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ceiling_light_off.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceiling Light
fe.protection.explode.cfm.ceiling_light_on.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceiling Light (On)
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chair_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chair_andesite.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chair_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chair_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chair_diorite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chair_granite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chair_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chair_oak.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chair_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chair_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chimney.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chimney
fe.protection.explode.cfm.chopping_board.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chopping Board
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffee_table_acacia.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffee_table_andesite.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffee_table_birch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffee_table_dark_oak.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffee_table_diorite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffee_table_granite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffee_table_jungle.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffee_table_oak.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffee_table_spruce.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.coffee_table_stone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.computer.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cookie_jar.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.explode.cfm.couch.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.couch_jeb.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rave Couch
fe.protection.explode.cfm.counter.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.counter.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.counter_drawer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.counter_drawer.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.counter_sink.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.counter_sink.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.crate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Crate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.crate_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Crate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.crate_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Crate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.crate_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Crate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.crate_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Crate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.crate_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Crate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.cup.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.curtains_closed.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curtains_closed.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.curtains_open.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curtains_open.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_acacia.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Desk
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_andesite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite Desk
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_birch.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Desk
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_cabinet_acacia.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_cabinet_andesite.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_cabinet_birch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_cabinet_dark_oak.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_cabinet_diorite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_cabinet_granite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_cabinet_jungle.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_cabinet_oak.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_cabinet_spruce.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_cabinet_stone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_dark_oak.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Desk
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_diorite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite Desk
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_granite.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite Desk
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_jungle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Desk
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_oak.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Desk
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_spruce.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Desk
fe.protection.explode.cfm.desk_stone.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Desk
fe.protection.explode.cfm.digital_clock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Clock
fe.protection.explode.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dishwasher
fe.protection.explode.cfm.divingboard_base.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Divingboard
fe.protection.explode.cfm.divingboard_plank.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.divingboard_plank.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.door_bell.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Door Bell
fe.protection.explode.cfm.door_bell_acacia.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door Bell
fe.protection.explode.cfm.door_bell_birch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Door Bell
fe.protection.explode.cfm.door_bell_dark_oak.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Door Bell
fe.protection.explode.cfm.door_bell_jungle.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Door Bell
fe.protection.explode.cfm.door_bell_spruce.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Door Bell
fe.protection.explode.cfm.door_mat.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.door_mat.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.electric_fence.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Fence
fe.protection.explode.cfm.esky.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.esky.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.fairy_light.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fairy Light
fe.protection.explode.cfm.fire_alarm_off.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Alarm
fe.protection.explode.cfm.fire_alarm_on.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Alarm (On)
fe.protection.explode.cfm.fire_pit_off.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Pit
fe.protection.explode.cfm.fire_pit_on.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Pit
fe.protection.explode.cfm.freezer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fridge
fe.protection.explode.cfm.fridge.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fridge
fe.protection.explode.cfm.grand_chair_bottom.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Grand Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.grand_chair_top.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grand Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.grill.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grill
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hedge_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Hedge
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hedge_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Hedge
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hedge_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Hedge
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hedge_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Hedge
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hedge_oak.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Hedge
fe.protection.explode.cfm.hedge_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Hedge
fe.protection.explode.cfm.inflatable_castle.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inflatable Castle
fe.protection.explode.cfm.lamp_off.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lamp_off.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.lamp_on.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp
fe.protection.explode.cfm.light_switch_off.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Switch
fe.protection.explode.cfm.light_switch_on.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Switch
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mail_box.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Mail Box
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mail_box_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Mail Box
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mail_box_birch.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Mail Box
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mail_box_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Mail Box
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mail_box_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Mail Box
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mail_box_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Mail Box
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mantel_piece.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mantelpiece
fe.protection.explode.cfm.microwave.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Microwave
fe.protection.explode.cfm.mirror.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_bed_bottom.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.modern_bed_bottom.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_bed_top.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.modern_bed_top.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_chair.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern Chair
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_coffee_table.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern Coffee Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_couch.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.modern_couch.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_light_off.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern Light
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_light_on.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern Light
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern Sliding Door
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_stair.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern Stairs
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_table.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_table_outdoor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern Outdoor Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_tv.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern TV
fe.protection.explode.cfm.modern_window.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern Window
fe.protection.explode.cfm.oven.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Oven
fe.protection.explode.cfm.park_bench_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Park Bench
fe.protection.explode.cfm.park_bench_birch.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Park Bench
fe.protection.explode.cfm.park_bench_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Park Bench
fe.protection.explode.cfm.park_bench_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Park Bench
fe.protection.explode.cfm.park_bench_oak.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Park Bench
fe.protection.explode.cfm.park_bench_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Park Bench
fe.protection.explode.cfm.photo_frame.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.photo_frame.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.plate.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Plate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.present.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.present.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.printer.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Printer
fe.protection.explode.cfm.range_hood.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Oven Rangehood
fe.protection.explode.cfm.range_hood_powered.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.range_hood_powered.name
fe.protection.explode.cfm.shower_bottom.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Shower
fe.protection.explode.cfm.shower_head_off.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Shower Head
fe.protection.explode.cfm.shower_head_on.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Shower Head (On)
fe.protection.explode.cfm.shower_top.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Shower
fe.protection.explode.cfm.stereo.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stereo
fe.protection.explode.cfm.stone_path.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Path
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_andesite.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_diorite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_granite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_oak.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_outdoor.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Outdoor Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.table_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Table
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tap.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tap
fe.protection.explode.cfm.toaster.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Toaster
fe.protection.explode.cfm.toilet.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Toilet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.trampoline.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Trampoline
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tree_bottom.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Christmas Tree
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tree_top.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Christmas Tree
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tv.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE TV
fe.protection.explode.cfm.tv_stand.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Modern TV Stand
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_fence_acacia.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_fence_birch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_fence_dark_oak.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_fence_jungle.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_fence_nether_brick.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_fence_oak.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_fence_spruce.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_gate_acacia.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_gate_birch.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_gate_dark_oak.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_gate_jungle.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_gate_oak.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.upgraded_gate_spruce.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.wall_cabinet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wall Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cfm.washing_machine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Washing Machine
fe.protection.explode.cfm.white_fence.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Fence
fe.protection.explode.cfm.white_gate.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE White Gate
fe.protection.explode.cfm.wreath.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wreath
fe.protection.explode.charset.barrel.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrel
fe.protection.explode.charset.stacks_decorative.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.charset.stacks.name
fe.protection.explode.charset.wire.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.chickenchunks.chunk_loader.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chickenchunks:chunk_loader.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite1.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiblock.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Antiblock
fe.protection.explode.chisel.arcane_stone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.arcane_stone1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.arcane_stone2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockbronze.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockcopper.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockgold.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockinvar.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Invar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockiron.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocklead.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocknickel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocksilver.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocksteel.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocktin.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockuranium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bloodmagic.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Blood Rune
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brownstone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_black.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_green.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_red.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_white.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE White Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.certus.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.certus1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.certus2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone1.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factory.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factory1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass1.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspane.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspane1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedblack.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedblue.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedbrown.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedcyan.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedgray.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedgreen.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedlightblue.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedlightgray.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedlime.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedmagenta.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedorange.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedpink.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedpurple.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedred.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedwhite.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedyellow.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice1.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice2.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.icepillar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ironpane.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratory.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marblepillar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherbrick.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paper.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Paper Wall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-birch.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-oak.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.quartz.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.quartz1.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone1.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered-scribbles.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technicalnew.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.temple.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templemossy.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_black.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_blue.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_brown.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_gray.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_green.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lime.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_orange.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_pink.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_purple.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_red.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_white.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.bittank.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Fluid Bit Tank
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_clay.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Clay
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_cloth.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Cloth
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_fluid.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Fluid
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_glass.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Glass
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_grass.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Grass
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ground.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Ground
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ice.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Ice
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_iron.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Metal
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Leaves
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_packedice.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_rock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Rock
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_sand.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Sand
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_snow.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Snow
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_wood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Wood
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_black.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.black.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_blue.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.blue.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_brown.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.brown.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_cyan.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.cyan.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_gray.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.gray.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_green.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.green.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_light_blue.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.light_blue.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_lime.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.lime.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_magenta.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.magenta.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_orange.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.orange.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_pink.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.pink.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_purple.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.purple.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_red.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.red.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_silver.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.silver.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_white.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.white.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.yellow.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.rope.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope and Nail
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_black.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.black.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_blue.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.blue.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_brown.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.brown.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_cyan.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.cyan.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_gray.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.gray.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_green.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.green.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_light_blue.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.light_blue.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_lime.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.lime.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_magenta.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.magenta.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_orange.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.orange.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_pink.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.pink.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_purple.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.purple.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_red.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.red.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_silver.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.silver.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_white.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.white.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_yellow.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.yellow.name
fe.protection.explode.compacter.cobbler.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.explode.compacter.compacter.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Compacter
fe.protection.explode.compactsolars.compact_solar_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.compactsolars.compact_solar_block.name
fe.protection.explode.computercraft.advanced_modem.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Modem
fe.protection.explode.computercraft.cable.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Networking Cable
fe.protection.explode.computercraft.command_computer.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Computer
fe.protection.explode.computercraft.computer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer
fe.protection.explode.computercraft.peripheral.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.explode.computercraft.turtle.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.computercraft.turtle_advanced.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.computercraft.turtle_expanded.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Turtle
fe.protection.explode.computercraft.wired_modem_full.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.computercraft:wired_modem_full.name
fe.protection.explode.computronics.audio_cable.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Audio Cable
fe.protection.explode.computronics.camera.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Camera
fe.protection.explode.computronics.chat_box.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chat Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.cipher.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.colorful_lamp.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.explode.computronics.digital_box.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.computronics.digital_box.name
fe.protection.explode.computronics.digital_detector.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cart Detector - Digital
fe.protection.explode.computronics.iron_note_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.locomotive_relay.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.explode.computronics.radar.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Radar
fe.protection.explode.computronics.sound_board.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sound Board
fe.protection.explode.computronics.speaker.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Speaker
fe.protection.explode.computronics.speech_box.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Speech Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.tape_reader.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tape Drive
fe.protection.explode.computronics.ticket_machine.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.explode.conarm.armorforge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Forge
fe.protection.explode.conarm.armorstation.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Station
fe.protection.explode.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.cabinet.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Kitchen Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.cooking_table.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cooking Table
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.corner.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Kitchen Corner
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.counter.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Kitchen Counter
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.cow_jar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cow in a Jar
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.cutting_board.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cutting Board
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.fridge.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fridge
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.fruit_basket.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Basket
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.kitchen_floor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Kitchen Floor
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.milk_jar.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk Jar
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.oven.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Oven
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.sink.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sink
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.spice_rack.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spice Rack
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.toaster.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Toaster
fe.protection.explode.cookingforblockheads.tool_rack.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Rack
fe.protection.explode.crimsonwarfare.boss_activator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Altar
fe.protection.explode.culinaryconstruct.sandwich_station.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandwich Station
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_0.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_3.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_4.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_0.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_3.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_4.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_5.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_6.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_7.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_8.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_9.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_0.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_1.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_2.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_3.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_4.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_5.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_6.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_7.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_8.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_9.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_0.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_3.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_4.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_5.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_6.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_0.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_3.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_4.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_5.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_6.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_minecraft_log.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_minecraft_log2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_natura_nether_logs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_natura_overworld_logs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_natura_overworld_logs2.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.debark.debarked_log_twilightforest_twilight_log.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.doge.doge_block.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Doge Block
fe.protection.explode.doge.mining_rig.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Rig
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_advanced_power_monitor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_alloy.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Alloy Block
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_alloy_endergy.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Endergy Alloy Block
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_alloy_smelter.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_attractor_obelisk.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_aversion_obelisk.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_broken_anvil.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Broken Dark Steel Anvil
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_buffer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block_buffer.name
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_cap_bank.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block_cap_bank.name
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_cold_fire.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cold Fire
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_combustion_generator.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_concussion_charge.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_conduit_bundle.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_confusion_charge.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Confusion Charge
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_crafter.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafter
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_creative_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Spawner
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_dark_fused_glass.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_dark_fused_quartz.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_dark_iron_bars.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_dark_paper_anvil.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Paper Anvil
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_dark_steel_anvil.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Anvil
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_dark_steel_door.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_dark_steel_ladder.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_dark_steel_trapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_death_pouch.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Player
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_decoration1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Decoration Block
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_decoration2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Decoration Block
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_decoration3.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Decoration Block
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_detector_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Detector
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_detector_block_silent.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Detector (Silent)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_dialing_device.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dialing Device
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_electric_light.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Light
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enchanter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_end_iron_bars.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE End Steel Bars
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_ender_charge.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Charge
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_ender_generator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Generator
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enderman_skull.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_alloy_smelter.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_alloy_smelter_top.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_combustion_generator.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Combustion Generator
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_combustion_generator_top.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Combustion Generator
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_sag_mill.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced SAG Mill
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_sag_mill_top.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced SAG Mill
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_vat.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE The Enhanced Vat
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_vat_top.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE The Enhanced Vat
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_wired_charger.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Wired Charger
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_wired_charger_top.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Wired Charger
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enhanced_wireless_charger.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Wireless Charging Antenna
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enlightened_fused_glass.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_exit_rail.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Exit Rail
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_experience_obelisk.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_farm_station.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Farming Station
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_cloud_seed.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_cloud_seed_concentrated.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_conductive_iron.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Conductive Iron
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_construction_alloy.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Iron Alloy
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_dark_steel.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_electrical_steel.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrical Steel
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_end_steel.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten End Steel
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_ender.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquefied Ender Pearls
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_ender_distillation.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dew of the Void
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_energetic_alloy.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Energetic Alloy
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_fire_water.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Water
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_glowstone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowgas
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_hootch.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hootch
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_liquid_sunshine.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_nutrient_distillation.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_pulsating_iron.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pulsating Iron
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_redstone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Redstone
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_redstone_alloy.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Redstone Alloy
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_rocket_fuel.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_soularium.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Soularium
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_vapor_of_levity.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fluid.vapor_of_levity.name
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fluid_vibrant_alloy.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Vibrant Alloy
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_franken_zombie_generator.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Frank'n'Zombie Generator
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fused_glass.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_fused_quartz.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_gauge.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Gauge
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_holier_fog.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Nano-Particles
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_holy_dark_fused_glass.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_holy_dark_fused_quartz.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_holy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_holy_fog.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Nano-Particles (old)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_holy_fused_glass.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_holy_fused_quartz.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_impulse_hopper.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_industrial_insulation.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Insulation
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_infinity.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block_infinity.name
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_infinity_fog.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Infinity Dust
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inhibitor_obelisk.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Inhibitor Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_chest_big.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Big Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_chest_enormous.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Enormous Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_chest_huge.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_chest_large.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_chest_medium.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Medium Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_chest_small.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_chest_tiny.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_chest_warehouse.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory System Storage Warehouse
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_chest_warehouse13.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory System Storage Extended Warehouse
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_panel.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_inventory_panel_sensor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Sensor
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_killer_joe.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Killer Joe
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_lava_generator.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_light_node.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block_light_node.name
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_machine_base.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE (technical block)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_machine_io.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE (technical block)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_niard.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE The Niard
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_normal_wireless_charger.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Charging Antenna
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_holy_dark_fused_glass.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_holy_dark_fused_quartz.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_holy_fused_glass.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_holy_fused_quartz.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_pasture_dark_fused_glass.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_pasture_dark_fused_quartz.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_pasture_fused_glass.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_pasture_fused_quartz.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_unholy_dark_fused_glass.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_unholy_dark_fused_quartz.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_unholy_fused_glass.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_not_unholy_fused_quartz.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_omni_reservoir.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Omnivoir
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_carpet.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_door.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.block_painted_dark_steel_door.name
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_trapdoor.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Dark Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_double_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Slab
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_fence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Fence
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_fence_gate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Gate
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_glowstone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_glowstone_solid.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_iron_door.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE item.block_painted_iron_door.name
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_iron_trapdoor.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_packed_ice.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_packed_ice_solid.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_pressure_plate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_redstone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Redstone
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_redstone_solid.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Redstone
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_reinforced_obsidian.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_reinforced_obsidian_nonsolid.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_sand.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Sand
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Slab
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_stair.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_stone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_stone_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_stone_fence.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Stone Fence
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_stone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_stone_stair.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_wall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Wall
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_wooden_door.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE item.block_painted_wooden_door.name
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_wooden_trapdoor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painted_workbench.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Painted Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_painter.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Machine
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_pasture_dark_fused_glass.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_pasture_dark_fused_quartz.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_pasture_fused_glass.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_pasture_fused_quartz.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_power_monitor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Monitor
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_powered_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_reinforced_obsidian.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_relocator_obelisk.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Relocator Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_reservoir.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Endervoir
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_sag_mill.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE SAG Mill
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever10.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-resetting Lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever10i.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever30.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-resetting Lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever300.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-resetting Lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever300i.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever30i.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever5.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-resetting Lever (5 seconds)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever5i.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (5 seconds)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever60.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Self-resetting Lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever60i.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_simple_alloy_smelter.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Simple Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_simple_crafter.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Simple Crafter
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_simple_furnace.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Simple Powered Furnace
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_simple_sag_mill.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Simple SAG Mill
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_simple_stirling_generator.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Simple Stirling Generator
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_simple_wired_charger.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Simple Wired Charger
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_slice_and_splice.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_solar_panel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_soul_binder.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Binder
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_stirling_generator.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_tank.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_tele_pad.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Telepad Block
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_transceiver.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_travel_anchor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_unholy_dark_fused_glass.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_unholy_dark_fused_quartz.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_unholy_fused_glass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_unholy_fused_quartz.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_vacuum_chest.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_vat.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE The Vat
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_weather_obelisk.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_wired_charger.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wired Charger
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_wireless_charger.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_wireless_charger_extension.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless Charging Antenna Extension
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_xp_vacuum.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Vacuum
fe.protection.explode.enderio.block_zombie_generator.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.explode.enderstorage.ender_storage.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ender_storage.name
fe.protection.explode.energyconverters.energy_bridge.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Bridge
fe.protection.explode.energyconverters.energy_consumer_eu.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.energy_consumer_eu.name
fe.protection.explode.energyconverters.energy_consumer_fe.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE FE Energy Consumer
fe.protection.explode.energyconverters.energy_consumer_mj.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE MJ Energy Consumer
fe.protection.explode.energyconverters.energy_consumer_rf.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Energy Consumer
fe.protection.explode.energyconverters.energy_producer_eu.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.energy_producer_eu.name
fe.protection.explode.energyconverters.energy_producer_fe.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE FE Energy Producer
fe.protection.explode.energyconverters.energy_producer_mj.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE MJ Energy Producer
fe.protection.explode.energyconverters.energy_producer_rf.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE RF Energy Producer
fe.protection.explode.eplus.advanced_table.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.eplus.decorative_book.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.eplus.decorative.book.name
fe.protection.explode.extrabees.alveary.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.extrabees.ectoplasm.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.explode.extrabees.hive.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.certustank.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.explode.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.explode.extracells.fluidfiller.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Fluid Auto Filler
fe.protection.explode.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast resistant ME Drive
fe.protection.explode.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.extracells.walrus.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Walrus
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.advanced_fuel_loader.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Fuel Loader
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.advanced_launch_pad.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.advanced_launch_pad_full.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.advanced_oxygen_compressor.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.advanced_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.advanced_refinery.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Refinery
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ash_rock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.basic_chemical_injector.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Chemical Injector
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.basic_crystallizer.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Crystallizer
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.basic_decontamination_unit.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Decontamination Unit
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.basic_decontamination_unit_fake_block.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Decontamination Unit
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.basic_decrystallizer.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Decrystallizer
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.basic_densifier.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Densifier
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.basic_purifier.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Purifier
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.basic_smasher.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Block Smasher
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.basic_solar_evaporation_chamber.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Solar Evaporation Chamber
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.block_multi.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.cake_blocks.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cake_blocks.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.callisto.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.callisto.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.callisto_gravel.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Callisto Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.candy_blocks.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.candy_blocks.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.candy_blocks_horizontal.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.candy_blocks_horizontal.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ceres.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ceres.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ceres_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceres Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.clean_water.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Clean Water
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.coal_grit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Grit
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.decorative_blocks.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.decorative_blocks.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.decorative_blocks2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.decorative_blocks2.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.deimos.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.deimos.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.deimos_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Deimos Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.dense_ice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Ice
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.diamond_grit.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Grit
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.emerald_grit.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Grit
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.eris.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.eris.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.eris_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Eris Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.eris_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boss_spawner_eris.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.eris_stairs_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Eris Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.eris_stairs_stone_bricks.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Eris Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.eris_stairs_sub_surface.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Eris Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.eris_stairs_surface.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Eris Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.europa.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.europa.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.europa_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Europa Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.fire_bomb.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Bomb
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.fossil.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fossil Block
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.frozen_nitrogen.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Nitrogen
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.frozen_water.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Frozen Water
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ganymede.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ganymede.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ganymede_gravel.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ganymede Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.glowstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.gold_grit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Grit
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.iapetus.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iapetus.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.iapetus_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iapetus Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.infected_water.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Infected Water
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.io.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.io.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.io_gravel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Io Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.iron_grit.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Grit
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.jupiter.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jupiter.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.jupiter_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.jupiter_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boss_spawner_jupiter.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_stone_bricks.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_sub_surface.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_surface.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Jupiter Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_blue_grass.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Blue Grass
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_flowers.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_flowers.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_grass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Grass
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_infected_grass.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Infected Grass
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_logs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_logs2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs2.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_saplings.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_planks.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kepler22b_planks.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_purple_grass.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Purple Grass
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_red_grass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Red Grass
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.kepler22b_yellow_grass.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Kepler 22b Yellow Grass
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.liquid_caramel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Caramel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.liquid_chocolate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Chocolate
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.liquid_hydrocarbon.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Hydrocarbon
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.magma.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Magma
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.mercury.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mercury.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.mercury_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.mercury_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boss_spawner_mercury.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_stone_bricks.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_sub_surface.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_surface.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mercury Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.methane.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Methane
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.neptune.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.neptune.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.neptune_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boss_spawner_neptune.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_stone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptune Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_stone_bricks.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptune Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_sub_surface.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptune Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_surface.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Neptune Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.nitrogen.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.nitrogen_ice.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Nitrogen Ice
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.nuclear_bomb.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nuclear Bomb
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.oberon.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oberon.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.oberon_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oberon Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.orange_sand.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sand
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.orange_sandstone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.phobos.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.phobos.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.phobos_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Phobos Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.pluto.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pluto.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.pluto_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.pluto_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boss_spawner_pluto.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pluto Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.potash.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Potash
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.radioactive_water.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Radioactive Water
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.red_sand.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sand
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.red_sandstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.rhea.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rhea.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.rhea_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rhea Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.salt.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Crystallized Water
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.saturn.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.saturn.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.saturn_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.saturn_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boss_spawner_saturn.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_stone_bricks.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_sub_surface.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_surface.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Saturn Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.solar.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.titan.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.titan.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.titan_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Titan Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.titania.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.titania.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.titania_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Titania Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t10.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 10 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t4.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 4 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t5.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 5 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t6.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 6 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t7.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 7 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t8.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 8 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t9.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 9 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.triton.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.triton.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.triton_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Triton Gravel
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ultimate_fuel_loader.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ultimate Fuel Loader
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.ultimate_refinery.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ultimate Refinery
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.uranus.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.uranus.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.uranus_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boss_spawner_uranus.name
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_stone_bricks.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_sub_surface.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranus Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_surface.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranus Surface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.vehicle_charger.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Vehicle Charger
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.volcanic_rock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.explode.extraplanets.white_sugar_cane.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE White Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.beer.ale.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ale
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.beer.corn.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Corn Beer
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.beer.lager.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lager
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.beer.rye.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rye Beer
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.beer.stout.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stout
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.beer.wheat.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wheat Beer
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.brandy.apple.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Brandy
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.brandy.apricot.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Brandy
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.brandy.cherry.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Brandy
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.brandy.citrus.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Citrus Brandy
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.brandy.elderberry.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Elderberry Brandy
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.brandy.fruit.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Brandy
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.brandy.grape.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brandy
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.brandy.pear.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Brandy
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.brandy.plum.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Brandy
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.cider.apple.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cider
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.cider.peach.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Cider
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.ciderpear.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Cider
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.fermented.potatoes.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermented Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.apple.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.apricot.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.banana.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.carrot.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.cherry.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.cranberry.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.elderberry.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Elderberry Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.grapefruit.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.lemon.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.lime.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.olive.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive Oil
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.orange.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.peach.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.pear.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.pineapple.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.plum.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.red.grape.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Grape Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.tomato.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tomato Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.juice.white.grape.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE White Grape Juice
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.latex.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Latex
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.almond.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.anise.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Anise Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.banana.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.blackberry.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackberry Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.blackcurrant.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackcurrant Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.cherry.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.chocolate.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.cinnamon.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.coffee.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffee Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.hazelnut.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Hazelnut Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.herbal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Herbal Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.lemon.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.melon.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.mint.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mint Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.orange.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.peach.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.raspberry.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Raspberry Liqueur
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liquor.apple.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Liquor
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liquor.apricot.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Liquor
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liquor.cherry.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Liquor
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liquor.elderberry.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Elderberry Liquor
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liquor.fruit.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Liquor
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.liquor.pear.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Liquor
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.mash.corn.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermented Corn Mash
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.mash.grain.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermented Grain Mash
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.mash.rye.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermented Rye Mash
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.mash.wheat.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermented Wheat Mash
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.resin.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Resin
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.rum.dark.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Rum
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.rum.white.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE White Rum
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.sap.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sap
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.spirit.gin.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Gin
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.spirit.neutral.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Neutral Spirit
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.spirit.sugarcane.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cachaca
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.tequila.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tequila
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.turpentine.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Turpentine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.vodka.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Vodka
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Whiskey
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.corn.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bourbon
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.rye.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rye Whiskey
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.wheat.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wheat Whiskey
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.agave.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Agave Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.apricot.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.banana.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.carrot.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.cherry.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.citrus.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Citrus Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.cranberry.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cranberry Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.elderberry.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Elderberry Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.fortified.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fortified Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.pineapple.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.plum.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.red.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.sparkling.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sparkling Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.tomato.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tomato Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.binnie.wine.white.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE White Wine
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.carpentry.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.carpentrypanel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.alder.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.alder.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.apple.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.apple.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.ash.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.ash.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.banana.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.banana.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.beech.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.beech.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.box.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.box.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.brazilwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.butternut.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.butternut.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.cedar.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.cedar.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.cypress.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.cypress.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.elder.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.elder.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.elm.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.elm.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.eucalyptus.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.fig.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.fig.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.fir.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.fir.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.gingko.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.gingko.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.hawthorn.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.hazel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.hazel.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.hemlock.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.hemlock.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.hickory.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.hickory.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.holly.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.holly.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.hornbeam.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.iroko.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.iroko.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.locust.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.locust.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.logwood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.logwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.maclura.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.maclura.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.olive.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.olive.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.pear.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.pear.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.pinkivory.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.purpleheart.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.rosewood.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.rosewood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.rowan.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.rowan.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.sweetgum.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.syzgium.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.syzgium.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.whitebeam.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.doors.yew.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.doors.yew.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.alder.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.alder.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.apple.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.apple.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.ash.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.ash.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.banana.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.banana.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.beech.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.beech.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.box.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.box.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.brazilwood.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.butternut.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.butternut.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.cedar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.cedar.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.cypress.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.cypress.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.elder.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.elder.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.elm.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.elm.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.eucalyptus.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fig.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fig.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fir.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fir.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.alder.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.alder.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.apple.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.apple.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.ash.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.ash.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.banana.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.banana.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.beech.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.beech.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.box.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.box.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.brazilwood.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.butternut.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.butternut.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.cedar.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.cedar.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.cypress.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.cypress.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.elder.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.elder.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.elm.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.elm.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.eucalyptus.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.fig.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.fig.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.fir.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.fir.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.gingko.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.gingko.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hawthorn.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hazel.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hazel.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hemlock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hemlock.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hickory.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hickory.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.holly.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.holly.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hornbeam.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.iroko.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.iroko.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.locust.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.locust.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.logwood.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.logwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.maclura.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.maclura.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.olive.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.olive.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.pear.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.pear.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.pinkivory.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.purpleheart.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.rosewood.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.rosewood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.rowan.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.rowan.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.sweetgum.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.syzgium.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.syzgium.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.whitebeam.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.yew.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.yew.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.gingko.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.gingko.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.hawthorn.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.hazel.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.hazel.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.hemlock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.hemlock.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.hickory.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.hickory.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.holly.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.holly.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.hornbeam.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.iroko.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.iroko.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.locust.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.locust.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.logwood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.logwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.maclura.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.maclura.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.olive.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.olive.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.pear.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.pear.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.pinkivory.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.purpleheart.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.rosewood.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.rosewood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.rowan.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.rowan.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.sweetgum.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.syzgium.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.syzgium.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.whitebeam.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fence.gates.yew.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fence.gates.yew.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fences.0.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fences.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fences.1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fences.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fences.2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fences.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fences.fireproof.0.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fences.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fences.fireproof.1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fences.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.fences.fireproof.2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fences.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.hops.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hops.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.decorative.0.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.decorative.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.decorative.1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.decorative.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.decorative.2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.decorative.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.decorative.3.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.decorative.3.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.decorative.4.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.decorative.4.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.decorative.5.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.decorative.5.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.decorative.6.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.decorative.6.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.0.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.10.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.10.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.11.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.11.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.12.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.12.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.13.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.13.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.14.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.14.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.15.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.15.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.16.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.16.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.17.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.17.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.18.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.18.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.19.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.19.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.20.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.20.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.21.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.21.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.22.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.22.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.23.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.23.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.24.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.24.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.3.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.4.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.5.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.6.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.7.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.8.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.9.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.9.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.0.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.10.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.10.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.11.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.11.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.12.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.12.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.13.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.13.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.14.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.14.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.3.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.4.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.5.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.6.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.7.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.8.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.9.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves.default.9.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.3.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.4.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.5.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.6.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.7.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.8.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.8.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.9.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.9.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.fireproof.2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.fireproof.3.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.fireproof.4.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.fireproof.5.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.fireproof.5.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.fireproof.6.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.fireproof.6.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.fireproof.7.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.fireproof.7.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.fireproof.8.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.fireproof.8.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.logs.fireproof.9.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logs.fireproof.9.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.machine.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.multifence.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.planks.0.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.planks.1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.planks.2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.planks.fireproof.0.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.planks.fireproof.1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.planks.fireproof.2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.shrub_log.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shrub_log.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.0.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.3.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.3.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.4.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.4.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.double.0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.double.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.double.1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.double.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.double.2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.double.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.double.3.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.double.3.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.double.4.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.double.4.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.0.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.3.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.4.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.0.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.0.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.1.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.2.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.3.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.3.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.4.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.4.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stainedglass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.alder.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.alder.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.apple.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.apple.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.ash.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.ash.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.banana.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.banana.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.beech.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.beech.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.box.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.box.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.brazilwood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.butternut.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.butternut.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.cedar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.cedar.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.cypress.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.cypress.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.elder.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.elder.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.elm.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.elm.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.eucalyptus.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fig.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fig.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fir.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fir.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.alder.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.alder.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.apple.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.apple.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.ash.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.ash.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.banana.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.banana.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.beech.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.beech.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.box.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.box.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.brazilwood.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.butternut.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.butternut.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.cedar.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.cedar.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.cypress.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.cypress.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.elder.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.elder.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.elm.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.elm.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.eucalyptus.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.fig.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.fig.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.fir.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.fir.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.gingko.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.gingko.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hawthorn.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hazel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.hazel.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hemlock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.hemlock.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hickory.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.hickory.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.holly.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.holly.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hornbeam.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.iroko.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.iroko.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.locust.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.locust.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.logwood.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.logwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.maclura.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.maclura.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.olive.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.olive.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.pear.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.pear.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.pinkivory.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.purpleheart.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.rosewood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.rosewood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.rowan.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.rowan.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.sweetgum.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.syzgium.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.syzgium.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.whitebeam.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.yew.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.fireproof.yew.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.gingko.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.gingko.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.hawthorn.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.hazel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.hazel.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.hemlock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.hemlock.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.hickory.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.hickory.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.holly.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.holly.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.hornbeam.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.iroko.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.iroko.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.locust.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.locust.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.logwood.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.logwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.maclura.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.maclura.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.olive.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.olive.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.pear.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.pear.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.pinkivory.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.purpleheart.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.rosewood.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.rosewood.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.rowan.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.rowan.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.sweetgum.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.syzgium.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.syzgium.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.whitebeam.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.explode.extratrees.stairs.yew.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stairs.yew.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.analogcrafter.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Analog Crafter
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.angelblock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Angel Block
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.chunkloader.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chunk Loading Ward
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.compressedcobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:compressedcobblestone.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.compresseddirt.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:compresseddirt.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.compressedgravel.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:compressedgravel.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.compressednetherrack.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:compressednetherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.compressedsand.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:compressedsand.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.crafter.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mechanical Crafter
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.creativechest.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Chest
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.creativeenergy.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Energy Source
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.creativeharvest.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Harvest
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.cursedearth.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.decorativebedrock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:decorativebedrock.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.decorativeglass.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:decorativeglass.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.decorativesolid.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:decorativesolid.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.decorativesolidwood.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:decorativesolidwood.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.drum.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Drum
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.enderlilly.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Lilly
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.indexer.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Indexer
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.ineffableglass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:ineffableglass.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.interactionproxy.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Porcupine
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.ironwood_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.ironwood_log.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_log.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.ironwood_planks.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_planks.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.ironwood_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.klein.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Klein Bottle
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.largishchest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Slightly-Larger Chest
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.machine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.miner.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mechanical Miner
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.minichest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mini Chest
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.moonstone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Stone
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.opinium.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:opinium.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.passivegenerator.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:passivegenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.pipe.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.pipe_1.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.pipe_2.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.pipe_3.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.playerchest.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Chest
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.powerbattery.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless RF Battery
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.poweroverload.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Overload
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.powertransmitter.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wireless RF Transmitter
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.quarry.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Quarry
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.quarryproxy.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Quarry Actuator
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.rainbowgenerator.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:rainbowgenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.redorchid.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Orchid
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.redstoneclock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.redstonelantern.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lantern
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.resonator.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonator
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.scanner.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Scanner
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.screen.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.simpledecorative.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:simpledecorative.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.spike_creative.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Spikes
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.spike_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Spikes
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.spike_gold.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Spikes
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.spike_iron.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Spikes
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.spike_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Spikes
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.spike_wood.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Spikes
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.spotlight.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spotlight
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.supermobspawner.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Resturbed Mob Spawner
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.teleporter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:teleporter.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.terraformer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.extrautils2:terraformer.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.transferholder.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ExtraUtils2:pipe.pipe.container.name
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.trashcan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Trash Can
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.trashcanenergy.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Trash Can (Energy)
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.trashcanfluid.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Trash Can (Fluid)
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.trashchest.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Trash Chest
fe.protection.explode.extrautils2.user.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mechanical User
fe.protection.explode.fairylights.fastener.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fastener.name
fe.protection.explode.forbiddenmagicre.arcane_cake.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Cake
fe.protection.explode.forbiddenmagicre.black_rose.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.explode.forbiddenmagicre.black_rose_bush.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbral Rosebush
fe.protection.explode.forbiddenmagicre.leaves_tainted.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.explode.forbiddenmagicre.log_tainted.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Log
fe.protection.explode.forbiddenmagicre.sapling_tainted.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.explode.forbiddenmagicre.taint_planks.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Plank
fe.protection.explode.forbiddenmagicre.tainted_brick.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Brick
fe.protection.explode.forbiddenmagicre.tainted_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Stone
fe.protection.explode.forbiddenmagicre.wrath_cage.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.explode.forestry.alveary.fan.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Alveary Fan
fe.protection.explode.forestry.alveary.heater.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Alveary Heater
fe.protection.explode.forestry.alveary.hygro.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Alveary Hygroregulator
fe.protection.explode.forestry.alveary.plain.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Alveary
fe.protection.explode.forestry.alveary.sieve.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Alveary Sieve
fe.protection.explode.forestry.alveary.stabiliser.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Alveary Stabiliser
fe.protection.explode.forestry.alveary.swarmer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Alveary Swarmer
fe.protection.explode.forestry.analyzer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.forestry.apiary.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apiary
fe.protection.explode.forestry.arboretum.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arboretum
fe.protection.explode.forestry.ash_block_0.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.forestry.ash_block_1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.forestry.ash_block_2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.forestry.ash_block_3.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.forestry.ash_brick.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Bricks
fe.protection.explode.forestry.ash_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.forestry.bee_chest.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Apiarist's Chest
fe.protection.explode.forestry.bee_combs_0.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.bee_combs.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.bee_combs_1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.bee_combs.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.bee_house.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Bee House
fe.protection.explode.forestry.beehives.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.bog_earth.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.bog_earth.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.bottler.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bottler
fe.protection.explode.forestry.butterfly_chest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lepidopterist's Chest
fe.protection.explode.forestry.candle.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.carpenter.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpenter
fe.protection.explode.forestry.centrifuge.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Centrifuge
fe.protection.explode.forestry.charcoal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.forestry.climatiser.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.climatiser.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.cocoon.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.cocoon.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.cocoon.solid.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.cocoon.solid.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.database.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Database
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.acacia.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.acacia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.balsa.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.balsa.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.baobab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.baobab.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.cherry.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.cherry.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.chestnut.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.chestnut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.citrus.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.citrus.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.cocobolo.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.ebony.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.ebony.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.giganteum.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.giganteum.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.greenheart.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.greenheart.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.ipe.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.ipe.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.kapok.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.kapok.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.larch.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.larch.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.lime.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.lime.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.mahoe.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.mahoe.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.mahogany.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.mahogany.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.maple.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.maple.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.padauk.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.padauk.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.palm.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.palm.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.papaya.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.papaya.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.pine.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.pine.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.plum.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.plum.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.poplar.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.poplar.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.sequoia.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.sequoia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.teak.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.teak.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.walnut.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.walnut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.wenge.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.wenge.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.willow.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.willow.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.doors.zebrawood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.for.doors.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.engine_biogas.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Biogas Engine
fe.protection.explode.forestry.engine_clockwork.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Clockwork Engine
fe.protection.explode.forestry.engine_electrical.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrical Engine
fe.protection.explode.forestry.engine_generator.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Bio Generator
fe.protection.explode.forestry.engine_peat.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Peat-fired Engine
fe.protection.explode.forestry.escritoire.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Escritoire
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fabricator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Thermionic Fabricator
fe.protection.explode.forestry.farm_crops.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Farm
fe.protection.explode.forestry.farm_ender.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Farm
fe.protection.explode.forestry.farm_gourd.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gourd Farm
fe.protection.explode.forestry.farm_mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom Farm
fe.protection.explode.forestry.farm_nether.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Farm
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.acacia.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.acacia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.balsa.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.balsa.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.baobab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.baobab.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.cherry.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.cherry.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.chestnut.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.chestnut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.citrus.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.citrus.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.cocobolo.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.ebony.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.ebony.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.acacia.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.balsa.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.balsa.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.baobab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.baobab.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.cherry.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.cherry.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.chestnut.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.chestnut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.citrus.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.citrus.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.cocobolo.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.ebony.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.ebony.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.giganteum.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.giganteum.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.greenheart.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.greenheart.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.ipe.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.ipe.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.kapok.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.kapok.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.larch.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.larch.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.lime.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.lime.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.mahoe.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.mahoe.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.mahogany.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.mahogany.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.maple.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.maple.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.padauk.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.padauk.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.palm.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.palm.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.papaya.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.papaya.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.pine.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.pine.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.plum.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.plum.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.poplar.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.poplar.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.sequoia.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.sequoia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.teak.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.teak.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.walnut.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.walnut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.wenge.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.wenge.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.willow.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.willow.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.zebrawood.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.giganteum.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.giganteum.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.greenheart.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.greenheart.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.ipe.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.ipe.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.kapok.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.kapok.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.larch.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.larch.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.lime.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.lime.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.mahoe.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.mahoe.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.mahogany.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.mahogany.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.maple.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.maple.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.padauk.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.padauk.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.palm.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.palm.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.papaya.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.papaya.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.pine.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.pine.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.plum.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.plum.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.poplar.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.poplar.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.sequoia.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.sequoia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.teak.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.teak.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.birch.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.birch.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.oak.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.walnut.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.walnut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.wenge.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.wenge.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.willow.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.willow.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fence.gates.zebrawood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fence.gates.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fences.0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fences.1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fences.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fences.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fences.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.fences.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fermenter.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermenter
fe.protection.explode.forestry.ffarm.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fluid.bio.ethanol.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethanol
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Biomass
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fluid.for.honey.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fluid.glass.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fluid.juice.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fluid.milk.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fluid.seed.oil.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Oil
fe.protection.explode.forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Short Mead
fe.protection.explode.forestry.genetic_filter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Filter
fe.protection.explode.forestry.greenhouse.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.greenhouse.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.greenhouse.window.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Greenhouse Window
fe.protection.explode.forestry.greenhouse.window_up.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Greenhouse Roof Window
fe.protection.explode.forestry.habitat_former.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Habitat Former
fe.protection.explode.forestry.humus.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Humus
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.decorative.0.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.decorative.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.decorative.1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.decorative.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.decorative.2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.decorative.2.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.3.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.4.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.5.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.6.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.7.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.8.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.fruit.0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.fruit.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.leaves.default.fruit.1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.leaves.default.fruit.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.loam.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Loam
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.2.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.3.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.4.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.5.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.6.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.7.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.fireproof.0.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.fireproof.1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.fireproof.2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.fireproof.3.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.fireproof.4.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.fireproof.5.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.fireproof.5.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.fireproof.6.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.fireproof.6.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.fireproof.7.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.fireproof.7.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.logs.vanilla.fireproof.1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.logs.vanilla.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.mailbox.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mailbox
fe.protection.explode.forestry.moistener.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Moistener
fe.protection.explode.forestry.mushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.peat_bog.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Peat Bog
fe.protection.explode.forestry.planks.0.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.planks.1.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.planks.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.planks.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.planks.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.planks.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.pods.banana.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.banana.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.pods.cocoa.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.cocoa.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.pods.coconut.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.coconut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.pods.dates.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.dates.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.pods.papaya.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.papaya.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.pods.plantain.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.plantain.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.pods.red_banana.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.pods.red_banana.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.rainmaker.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rainmaker
fe.protection.explode.forestry.raintank.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rain Tank
fe.protection.explode.forestry.resource_storage.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resource_storage.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.resources.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.sapling_ge.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.sapling_ge.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.2.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.3.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.double.0.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.double.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.double.1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.double.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.double.2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.double.2.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.double.3.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.double.3.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.0.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.3.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.fireproof.0.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.fireproof.1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.fireproof.2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.fireproof.3.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.vanilla.double.fireproof.0.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.vanilla.double.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.slabs.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.slabs.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.squeezer.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Squeezer
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.acacia.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.acacia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.balsa.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.balsa.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.baobab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.baobab.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.cherry.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.cherry.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.chestnut.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.chestnut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.citrus.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.citrus.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.cocobolo.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.ebony.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.ebony.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.acacia.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.balsa.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.balsa.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.baobab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.baobab.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.cherry.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.cherry.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.chestnut.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.chestnut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.citrus.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.citrus.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.cocobolo.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.ebony.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.ebony.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.giganteum.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.giganteum.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.greenheart.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.greenheart.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.ipe.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.ipe.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.kapok.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.kapok.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.larch.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.larch.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.lime.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.lime.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.mahoe.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.mahoe.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.mahogany.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.mahogany.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.maple.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.maple.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.padauk.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.padauk.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.palm.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.palm.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.papaya.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.papaya.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.pine.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.pine.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.plum.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.plum.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.poplar.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.poplar.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.sequoia.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.sequoia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.teak.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.teak.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.walnut.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.walnut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.wenge.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.wenge.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.willow.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.willow.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.fireproof.zebrawood.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.giganteum.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.giganteum.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.greenheart.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.greenheart.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.ipe.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.ipe.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.kapok.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.kapok.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.larch.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.larch.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.lime.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.lime.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.mahoe.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.mahoe.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.mahogany.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.mahogany.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.maple.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.maple.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.padauk.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.padauk.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.palm.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.palm.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.papaya.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.papaya.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.pine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.pine.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.plum.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.plum.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.poplar.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.poplar.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.sequoia.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.sequoia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.teak.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.teak.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.birch.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.birch.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.oak.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.walnut.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.walnut.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.wenge.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.wenge.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.willow.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.willow.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stairs.zebrawood.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.for.stairs.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stamp_collector.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stamp Collector
fe.protection.explode.forestry.still.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Still
fe.protection.explode.forestry.stump.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Candle Stump
fe.protection.explode.forestry.trade_station.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Trade Station
fe.protection.explode.forestry.tree_chest.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Arborist's Chest
fe.protection.explode.forestry.wood_pile.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Pile
fe.protection.explode.forestry.wood_pile_decorative.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Decorative Wood Pile
fe.protection.explode.forestry.worktable.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Worktable
fe.protection.explode.forgemultipartcbe.multipart_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.booster.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Booster
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.frame_0.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.frame_1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.frame_2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.frame_3.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Block
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.frame_projector.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Projector
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.mass_frame_corner.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Super-Frame Corner
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.mass_frame_edge.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Super-Frame Edge
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Slider
fe.protection.explode.funkylocomotion.teleporter.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Frame Teleporter
fe.protection.explode.galacticcomputers.sealed_cable.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sealable Cable
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.air_lock_frame.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.air_lock_seal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.aluminum_wire.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.aluminum_wire.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.arclamp.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.basic_block_core.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.basic_block_core.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.basic_block_moon.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.basic_block_moon.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.block_multi.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.boss_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boss_spawner.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.breatheable_air.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.breatheable_air.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.bright_air.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bright_air.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.bright_breathable_air.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bright_breathable_air.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.cargo.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.cheese.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.collector.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.compact_workbench.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact NASA Workbench
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.concealed_detector.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Detector
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.concealed_redstone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hidden Redstone Wire
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.concealed_repeater.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.concealed_repeater_pow.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.dishbase.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Communications Dish
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.distributor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.emergency_box.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Emergency Post
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.enclosed.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.fallen_meteor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.fluid_pipe.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.fluid_pipe_pull.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.fluid_tank.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.fuel.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gasoline
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.fuel_loader.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.glowstone_torch.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating10.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating100.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating101.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating102.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating103.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating104.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating105.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating106.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating107.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating108.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating109.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating11.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating110.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating111.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating112.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating113.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating114.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating115.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating116.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating117.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating118.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating119.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating12.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating120.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating121.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating122.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating123.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating124.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating125.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating126.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating127.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating128.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating129.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating13.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating130.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating131.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating132.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating133.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating134.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating135.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating136.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating137.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating138.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating139.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating14.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating140.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating141.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating142.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating143.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating144.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating145.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating146.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating147.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating148.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating149.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating15.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating150.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating151.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating152.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating153.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating154.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating155.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating156.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating157.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating158.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating159.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating16.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating160.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating161.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating162.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating163.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating164.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating165.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating166.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating167.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating168.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating169.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating17.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating170.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating171.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating172.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating173.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating174.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating175.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating176.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating177.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating178.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating179.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating18.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating180.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating181.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating182.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating183.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating184.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating185.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating186.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating187.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating188.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating189.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating19.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating190.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating191.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating192.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating193.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating194.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating195.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating196.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating197.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating198.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating199.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating20.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating200.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating201.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating202.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating203.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating204.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating205.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating206.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating207.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating208.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating209.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating21.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating210.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating211.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating212.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating213.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating214.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating215.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating216.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating217.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating218.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating219.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating22.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating220.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating221.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating222.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating223.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating224.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating225.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating226.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating227.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating228.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating229.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating23.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating230.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating231.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating232.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating233.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating234.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating235.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating236.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating237.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating238.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating239.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating24.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating240.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating241.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating242.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating243.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating244.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating245.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating246.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating247.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating248.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating249.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating25.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating250.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating251.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating252.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating253.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating254.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating255.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating256.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating257.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating258.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating259.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating26.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating260.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating261.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating262.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating263.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating264.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating265.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating266.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating267.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating268.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating269.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating27.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating270.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating271.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating272.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating273.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating274.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating275.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating276.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating277.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating278.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating279.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating28.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating280.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating281.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating282.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating283.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating284.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating285.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating286.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating287.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating288.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating289.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating29.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating290.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating291.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating292.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating293.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating294.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating295.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating296.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating297.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating298.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating299.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating3.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating30.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating300.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating301.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating302.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating303.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating304.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating305.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating306.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating307.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating308.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating309.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating31.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating310.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating311.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating312.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating313.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating314.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating315.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating316.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating317.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating318.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating319.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating32.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating320.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating321.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating322.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating323.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating324.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating325.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating326.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating327.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating328.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating329.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating33.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating330.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating331.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating332.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating333.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating334.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating335.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating336.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating337.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating338.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating339.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating34.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating340.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating341.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating342.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating343.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating344.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating345.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating346.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating347.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating348.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating349.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating35.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating350.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating351.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating352.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating353.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating354.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating355.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating356.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating357.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating358.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating359.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating36.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating360.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating361.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating362.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating363.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating364.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating365.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating366.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating367.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating368.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating369.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating37.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating370.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating371.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating372.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating373.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating374.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating375.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating376.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating377.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating378.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating379.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating38.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating380.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating381.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating382.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating383.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating384.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating385.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating386.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating387.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating388.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating39.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating4.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating40.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating41.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating42.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating43.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating44.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating45.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating46.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating47.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating48.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating49.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating5.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating50.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating51.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating52.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating53.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating54.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating55.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating56.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating57.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating58.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating59.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating6.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating60.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating61.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating62.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating63.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating64.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating65.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating66.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating67.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating68.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating69.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating7.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating70.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating71.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating72.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating73.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating74.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating75.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating76.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating77.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating78.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating79.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating8.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating80.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating81.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating82.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating83.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating84.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating85.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating86.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating87.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating88.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating89.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating9.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating90.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating91.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating92.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating93.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating94.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating95.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating96.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating97.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating98.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.grating99.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grating
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.landing_pad.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.landing_pad.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.landing_pad_full.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.machine.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.machine2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.machine3.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine3.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.machine4.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine4.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.machine_tiered.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.machine_tiered.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.magnetic_table.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnetic Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.moon_stairs_brick.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.moon_stairs_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.oxygen_compressor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.oxygen_detector.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.panel_lighting.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.panel_lighting.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.parachest.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Parachest
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.platform.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydraulic Platform
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.refinery.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.rocket_workbench.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.sealer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.slab_gc_double.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_gc_double.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.slab_gc_half.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_gc_half.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.solar.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.space_glass_clear.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Glass (Clear)
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.space_glass_clear_tin.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.space_glass_clear_tin.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.space_glass_strong.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Glass (Strong)
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.space_glass_strong_tin.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.space_glass_strong_tin.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.space_glass_vanilla.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Glass
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.space_glass_vanilla_tin.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.space_glass_vanilla_tin.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.space_station_base.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Space Station Arrival Block
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.spin_thruster.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.telemetry.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.tin_stairs_1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.tin_stairs_2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.treasure_chest.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_lit.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Torch
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_stone_lit.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Torch
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.view_screen.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Display Screen
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftcore.wall_gc.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wall_gc.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.asteroids_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.asteroids_block.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.beam_receiver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.beam_reflector.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.boss_spawner_mars.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boss_spawner_mars.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.boss_spawner_venus.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.boss_spawner_venus.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.cavern_vines.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.crashed_probe.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crashed Probe
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.creeper_egg.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.dense_ice.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Ice
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.geothermal_generator.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Geothermal Generator
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.laser_turret.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser Turret
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.mars.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.mars_machine.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mars_machine.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.mars_machine_t2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mars_machine_t2.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.mars_stairs_brick.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.mars_stairs_cobblestone.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.miner_base.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.miner_base_full.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.slimeling_egg.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slimeling_egg.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.sludge.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sludge
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.solar_array_controller.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar Array Controller
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.solar_array_module.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar Array Module
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.spacewart.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spacewart.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.spout.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Vapor Spout
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.sulphuric_acid.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.telepad_fake.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.telepad_fake.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.telepad_short.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.treasure_t2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.treasure_t3.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.venus.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.venus.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.venus_rock_scorched.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Scorched Venus Rock
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.walkway.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.walkway.name
fe.protection.explode.galacticraftplanets.web_torch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.web_torch.name
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.extractor.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.imprinter.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.industrial_apiary.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.liquiddna.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.liquifier.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.mutagen.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.mutagen_producer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.mutatron.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.mutatron_advanced.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced mutatron
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.protein.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.replicator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.sampler.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.explode.gendustry.transposer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.explode.genetics.adv_machine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.genetics.binnie.bacteria.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteria.name
fe.protection.explode.genetics.binnie.bacteria.poly.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteriapoly.name
fe.protection.explode.genetics.binnie.bacteria.vector.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteriavector.name
fe.protection.explode.genetics.binnie.dna.raw.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.rawdna.name
fe.protection.explode.genetics.binnie.growth.medium.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.growthmedium.name
fe.protection.explode.genetics.lab_machine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.genetics.machine.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.rope_fence.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.rope_knot.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope Knot
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.rope_knot_acacia.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.rope_knot_birch.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.rope_knot_dark_oak.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.rope_knot_jungle.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.rope_knot_nether_brick.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.rope_knot_oak.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.rope_knot_spruce.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.salt_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rock Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft.salt_ore.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rock Salt Ore
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_door.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE item.apple_door.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_fence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Fence
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_leaves.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_log.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Wood
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_planks.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.apple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_slab_half.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.apple_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_ethereal.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_ethereal.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_extended.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_fermented.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_fermented.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_intoxicated.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_poisoned.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_poisoned.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_potent.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_potent.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_potentextended.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_potentextended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_juice.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_juice.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_apples.rope_knot_apple.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_door.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE item.bamboo_door.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_plank.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Planks
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_shoot.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_slab_half.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stalk.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bamboo.rope_knot_bamboo.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.beebox.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bee Box
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.beehive.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Beehive
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.fluid_honey.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_honey.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_ethereal.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_ethereal.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_extended.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_fermented.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_fermented.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_hyperextended.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_intoxicated.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_poisoned.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_poisoned.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_potent.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_potent.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_potentextended.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_potentextended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_young.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_young.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_cellar.brew_kettle.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_cellar.cork_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cork Leaves
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_cellar.cork_log.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cork Wood
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_cellar.cork_log_stripped.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cork Wood (Stripped)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_cellar.cork_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cork_sapling.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_cellar.culture_jar.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Culture Jar
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_cellar.ferment_barrel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_cellar.fruit_press.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fruit Press
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_cellar.fruit_presser.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fruit_presser.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishtrap (Deprecated)
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_acacia.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishtrap
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_apple.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishtrap
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_bamboo.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishtrap
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_birch.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishtrap
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_darkoak.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishtrap
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_jungle.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishtrap
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_oak.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishtrap
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_spruce.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishtrap
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_ambrosia.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_green_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_juice.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_green_juice.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_portwine.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_green_portwine.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_extended.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_intoxicated.*        # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_poisoned.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_potent.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_ambrosia.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_juice.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_juice.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_portwine.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_portwine.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_extended.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_intoxicated.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_poisoned.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_potent.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_ambrosia.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_red_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_juice.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_red_juice.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_portwine.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_red_portwine.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_extended.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_intoxicated.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_poisoned.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_potent.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_fruit.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.native_grape_fruit.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine0.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.native_grape_vine0.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.native_grape_vine1.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine_leaves.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.native_grape_vine_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_extended.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_hyperextended.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_intoxicated.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_lager.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_lager.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_normal.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_normal.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_poisoned.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_poisoned.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_potent.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_potent.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_unhopped.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_unhopped.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_young.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_young.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_extended.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_hyperextended.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_intoxicated.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_magical.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_magical.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_normal.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_normal.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_poisoned.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_poisoned.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_potent.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_potent.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_potentextended.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_potentextended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_young.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_young.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_hops.hops.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hops.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.cheese_aged.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cheese_aged.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.cheese_press.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Press
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.cheese_vat.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Vat
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.cheese_waxed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cheese_waxed.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.churn.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Churn
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.churn_plunger.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.churn_plunger.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.curds_aged.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curds_aged.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.curds_simple.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curds_simple.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.curds_waxed.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.curds_waxed.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_butter_milk.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_butter_milk.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_appenzeller.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_appenzeller.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_asiago.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_asiago.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_casu_marzu.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_casu_marzu.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_cheddar.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_cheddar.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_emmentaler.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_emmentaler.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_gorgonzola.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_gorgonzola.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_gouda.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_gouda.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_monterey.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_monterey.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_parmesan.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_parmesan.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_provolone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_provolone.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_ricotta.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cheese_ricotta.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_condensed_milk.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_condensed_milk.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cream.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_cream.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_extended.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_fermented.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_fermented.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_hyperextended.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_poisoned.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_poisoned.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent_extended.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent_hyperextended.*      # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_milk.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_milk.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_milk_curds.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_milk_curds.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_rennet.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_rennet.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_skim_milk.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_skim_milk.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.fluid_whey.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_whey.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.pancheon.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pancheon
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_milk.thistle.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Thistle
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_extended.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_fermented.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_fermented.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_hyperextended.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_magical.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_magical.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_mash.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_mash.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_poisoned.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_poisoned.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent_extended.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent_extended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent_hyperextended.*        # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_water.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_water.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.ricecrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.riceCrop.name
fe.protection.explode.growthcraft_rice.ricepaddy.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Apiary
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Arid Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Beehive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.breadfruit_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Breadfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE White Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Date Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Frost Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.grinder.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Grinder
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.guava_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Guava Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.hazelnut_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hazelnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.honey.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.jackfruit_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jackfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamington
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lychee_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lychee Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.market.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Market
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamagavecrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamagavecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamamaranthcrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamamaranthcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamarrowrootcrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamarrowrootcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambreadfruit.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Breadfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcassavacrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcassavacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchickpeacrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamchickpeacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Date
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamelderberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamelderberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamflaxcrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamflaxcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgigapicklecrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgigapicklecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgreengrapecrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgreengrapecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamguava.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Guava
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamhazelnut.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hazelnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamhuckleberrycrop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamhuckleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamjackfruit.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jackfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamjicamacrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamjicamacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamjuniperberrycrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamjuniperberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamjutecrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamjutecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkalecrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamkalecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkenafcrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamkenafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkohlrabicrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamkohlrabicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlentilcrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamlentilcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlychee.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lychee
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammango.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammilletcrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pammilletcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammulberrycrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pammulberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampassionfruit.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Passionfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampawpaw.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pawpaw
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampear.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamquinoacrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamquinoacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrambutan.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rambutan
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsisalcrop.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsisalcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsoursop.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Soursop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspiderweb.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Spider Web
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtamarind.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tamarind
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtarocrop.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamtarocrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtomatillocrop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamtomatillocrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.passionfruit_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Passion Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pavlova
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pawpaw_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pawpaw Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.presser.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Presser
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.rambutan_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rambutan Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Shaded Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Shipping Bin
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Soggy Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.soursop_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Soursop Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.spiderweb_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spider Web Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.tamarind_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tamarind Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.waterfilter.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Filter
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.well.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Well
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Windy Garden
fe.protection.explode.hatstand.hatstand.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Hat Stand
fe.protection.explode.ic2.air.*                                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.air.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.biogas.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.biogas.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.biomass.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.biomass.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.construction_foam.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.construction_foam.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.coolant.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.coolant.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.creosote.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.creosote.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.distilled_water.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.distilled_water.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.dynamite.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamite
fe.protection.explode.ic2.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.fence
fe.protection.explode.ic2.foam.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.foam
fe.protection.explode.ic2.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.glass
fe.protection.explode.ic2.heavy_water.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.heavy_water.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.hot_coolant.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.hot_coolant.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.hot_water.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.hot_water.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.hydrogen.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.hydrogen.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.ic2.milk.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.milk.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.mining_pipe.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.mining_pipe
fe.protection.explode.ic2.oxygen.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.oxygen.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.pahoehoe_lava.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.pahoehoe_lava.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.refractory_bricks.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Refractory Bricks
fe.protection.explode.ic2.reinforced_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.reinforced_door.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.resource.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.resource
fe.protection.explode.ic2.rubber_wood.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.explode.ic2.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.sapling.rubber.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.scaffold.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.scaffold
fe.protection.explode.ic2.sheet.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.sheet
fe.protection.explode.ic2.steam.*                                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.steam.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.superheated_steam.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.superheated_steam.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.te.*                                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.te
fe.protection.explode.ic2.uu_matter.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.uu_matter.name
fe.protection.explode.ic2.wall.*                                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.wall
fe.protection.explode.ic2.weed_ex.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE ic2.weed_ex.name
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.concrete.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icbmclassic:concrete.name
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.cruiselauncher.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cruise Launcher
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.emptower.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE EMP Tower
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.explosives.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icbmclassic:explosives.name
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.glassbutton.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Button
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.glasspressureplate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.launcherbase.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icbmclassic:launcherbase.name
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.launcherframe.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icbmclassic:launcherframe.name
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.launcherscreen.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icbmclassic:launcherscreen.name
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.multiblock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icbmclassic:multiblock.name
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.radarstation.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Radar Station
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.reinforcedglass.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.explode.icbmclassic.spikes.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icbmclassic:spikes.name
fe.protection.explode.ichoriumkit.bedrock_portal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.explode.ichoriumkit.ichor_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ichor Block
fe.protection.explode.ichoriumkit.nitor_vapor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.animal_byproduct_recolector.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Sewer
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.animal_growth_increaser.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Grower
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.animal_independence_selector.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Baby Separator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.animal_resource_harvester.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Rancher
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.animal_stock_increaser.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Animal Feeder
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.biofuel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Biofuel
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.biofuel_generator.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Biofuel Generator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.bioreactor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bioreactor
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.black_hole_controller.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Hole Controller (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.black_hole_controller_reworked.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Hole Controller v2.0
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.black_hole_label.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Hole Label
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.black_hole_tank.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Hole Tank
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.black_hole_unit.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Hole Unit
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.block_destroyer.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Breaker
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.block_placer.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Placer
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.conveyor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.crop_enrich_material_injector.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant Fertilizer
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.crop_recolector.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant Gatherer
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.crop_sower.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant Sower
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.dye_mixer.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dye Mixer
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.enchantment_aplicator.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Applicator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.enchantment_extractor.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Extractor
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.enchantment_invoker.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Factory
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.enchantment_refiner.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Sorter
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.energy_field_provider.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Field Provider
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.essence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Essence
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.fluid_crafter.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Crafter
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.fluid_pump.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Pump
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.fluiddictionary_converter.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Dictionary Converter
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.froster.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Froster
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.hydrator.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hydrator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.if.pink_slime.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Slime
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.if.protein.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.item_splitter.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Splitter
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.laser_base.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser Base
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.laser_drill.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser Drill
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.latex.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Latex
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.latex_processing_unit.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Latex Processing Unit
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.lava_fabricator.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava Fabricator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.material_stonework_factory.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Material StoneWork Factory
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.meat.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Meat
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.milk.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.mob_detector.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mob Detector
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.mob_duplicator.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mob Duplicator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.mob_relocator.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mob Crusher
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.mob_slaughter_factory.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mob Slaughter Factory
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.ore_fermenter.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermentation Station
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.ore_processor.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ore Processor
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.ore_sieve.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Sieving Machine
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.ore_washer.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Washing Factory
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.oredictionary_converter.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ore Dictionary Converter
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.petrified_fuel_generator.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Petrified Fuel Generator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.pitiful_fuel_generator.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pitiful Fuel Generator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.plant_interactor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant Interactor
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.potion_enervator.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Potion Brewer
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.protein_generator.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein Generator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.protein_reactor.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Protein Reactor
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.resourceful_furnace.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Resourceful Furnace
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.sewage.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sewage
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.sewage_composter_solidifier.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sewage Composter
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.sludge.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sludge
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.sludge_refiner.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sludge Refiner
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.spores_recreator.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spores Recreator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.tree_fluid_extractor.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Tree Fluid Extractor
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.villager_trade_exchanger.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Villager Trade Exchanger
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.water_condensator.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Condensator
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.water_resources_collector.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Resources Fisher
fe.protection.explode.industrialforegoing.wither_builder.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wither Builder
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.explode.irontanks.copper_tank.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontanks.creative_tank.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontanks.diamond_tank.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontanks.emerald_tank.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontanks.gold_tank.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontanks.iron_tank.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontanks.obsidian_tank.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontanks.silver_tank.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Tank
fe.protection.explode.irontanks.void_tank.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Tank
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.block_blockcertusquartz.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of %s
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.block_blockchargedcertusquartz.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of %s
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.block_blockniter.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of %s
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.block_blocksulfur.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of %s
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.fluid_moltencarbon.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.fluid_moltencrystal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.fluid_moltendarkiron.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.fluid_moltenmagnesium.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.fluid_moltenmercury.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.fluid_moltenmeteoriciron.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.fluid_moltenpalladium.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.fluid_moltentungsten.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.explode.jaopca.fluid_moltenuranium.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.crafting_table.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Logistics Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.crafting_table_fuzzy.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Logistics Fuzzy Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.frame.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Logistics Block Frame
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.pipe.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logisticspipes.pipe.name
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.power_junction.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Logistics Power Junction
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.power_provider_eu.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Logistics EU Power Provider
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.power_provider_mj.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Logistics MJ Power Provider
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.power_provider_rf.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Logistics RF Power Provider
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.program_compiler.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Logistics Program Compiler
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.security_station.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Logistics Security Station
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.solid_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logisticspipes.solid_block.name
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.statistics_table.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Logistics Statistics Table
fe.protection.explode.logisticspipes.sub_multiblock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.logisticspipes.sub_multiblock.name
fe.protection.explode.magicbees.effectjar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.explode.magicbees.enchanted_earth.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.explode.magicbees.hiveblock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.magicbees.hiveblock.name
fe.protection.explode.mcmultipart.multipart.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.basicblock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounding Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.energycube.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.gastank.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow Panel
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.machineblock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.oreblock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Road
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.saltblock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.transmitter.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.mia.void_creator.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Creator
fe.protection.explode.mia.white_sandstone_new.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.white_sandstone_new.name
fe.protection.explode.mia.white_sandstone_new_slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.white_sandstone_new_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.mia.white_sandstone_new_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.white_sandstone_new_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.mia.white_sandstone_stairs_brick.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE White Sandstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Air
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.barrier.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Warding Aura
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beetroots.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Beetroots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_door.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bone_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.concrete.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_rod.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE End Rod
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass_path.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Path
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magma.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Magma Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.observer.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Observer
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.prismarine.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.slime.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.structure_block.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.structure_void.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Void
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.modularrouters.item_router.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Router
fe.protection.explode.modularrouters.template_frame.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Template Frame
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_hand.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Journey Cloth
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_shell.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Journey Cloth
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_spiral.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Journey Cloth
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.journey_hub_hand.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Journey Hub
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.journey_hub_shell.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Journey Hub
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.journey_hub_spiral.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Journey Hub
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.locked_bookstand.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Locked Bookstand
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.locked_lectern.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Locked Lectern
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.nexus_controller.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nexus Controller
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.traffic_cone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Safety Cone
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.unstable_portal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unstable Portal
fe.protection.explode.moremystcraft.unstable_receptacle.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Unstable Book Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.blockbookbinder.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Book Binder
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.blockbookreceptacle.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Book Receptacle
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.blockbookstand.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookstand
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.blockcrystal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.blockdecay.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Decay Effect
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.blockinkmixer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ink Mixer
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.blocklectern.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lectern
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.blocklinkmodifier.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Link Modifier
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.blockstarfissure.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Star Fissure
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.fluidblockblackink.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Ink
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.linkportal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Link Portal
fe.protection.explode.mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Writing Desk
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminum Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.apatite_crop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apatite Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.ardite_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ardite Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.basalt_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.basalz_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalz Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.blaze_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blaze Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.blitz_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blitz Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.blizz_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blizz Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.brass_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brass Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.bronze_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bronze Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_crop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.chicken_crop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chicken Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.coal_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ma.coal_block.name
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.coal_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_slab.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobbled Soulstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_slab_full.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ma.cobbled_soulstone_slab_full.name
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_stairs.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobbled Soulstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_wall.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ma.cobbled_soulstone_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_crop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_crop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.constantan_crop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Constantan Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.copper_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.cow_crop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cow Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.creeper_crop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Creeper Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_crop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.desh_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Desh Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.diamond_crop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.dirt_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.dye_crop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dye Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_crop.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.electrum_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrum Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.elementium_crop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Elementium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.emerald_crop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.end_crop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE End Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.end_inferium_ore.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE §eEnd Inferium Ore
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.end_prosperity_ore.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE End Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_crop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE End Steel Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.enderium_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.enderman_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Enderman Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_crop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.experience_crop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_crop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fiery Ingot Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.fire_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.fluix_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_crop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluxed Electrum Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.ghast_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghast Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_crop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_crop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Ingot Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_lamp.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.gold_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_crop.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Grains of Infinity Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.graphite_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Graphite Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.growth_accelerator.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE §eGrowth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.guardian_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Guardian Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.ice_crop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.inferium_furnace.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE §eInferium Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.inferium_furnace_active.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE §eInferium Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.inferium_ore.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE §eInferium Ore
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.inferium_reprocessor.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE §eInferium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.ingot_storage.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ma.ingot_storage.name
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_furnace.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE §6Intermedium Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_furnace_active.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE §6Intermedium Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_reprocessor.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE §6Intermedium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.invar_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Invar Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_crop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Iridium Ore Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.iron_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ironwood Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_crop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Knightmetal Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_crop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Knightslime Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_crop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.lead_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lead Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.limestone_crop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.lumium_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lumium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_crop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_crop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.marble_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_crop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteoric Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.miners_torch.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Miner's Torch
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_crop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Flower Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.mystical_machine_frame.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mystical Machine Frame
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.nature_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nature Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.nether_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.nether_inferium_ore.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE §eNether Inferium Ore
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.nether_prosperity_ore.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_crop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.nickel_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.osmium_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.peridot_crop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Peridot Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.pig_crop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pig Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.platinum_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Platinum Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.prosperity_ore.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_furnace.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE §aPrudentium Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_furnace_active.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE §aPrudentium Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_reprocessor.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE §aPrudentium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_crop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_crop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rabbit Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_crop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.redstone_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_crop.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Refined Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.rubber_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rubber Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.ruby_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruby Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_crop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.seed_reprocessor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.sheep_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sheep Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.signalum_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Signalum Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.silicon_crop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Silicon Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.silver_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Silver Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_crop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.slime_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.soul_glass.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Glass
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.soul_glass_pane.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.soularium_crop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Soularium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.soulstone.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ma.soulstone.name
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Soulstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_slab_full.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ma.soulstone_brick_slab_full.name
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Soulstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_wall.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ma.soulstone_brick_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Soulstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_slab_full.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ma.soulstone_slab_full.name
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.spider_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spider Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.steel_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Steeleaf Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.stone_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.storage.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ma.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.superium_furnace.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE §bSuperium Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.superium_furnace_active.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE §bSuperium Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.superium_reprocessor.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE §bSuperium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.supremium_furnace.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE §cSupremium Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.supremium_furnace_active.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE §cSupremium Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.supremium_reprocessor.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE §cSupremium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_crop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.tier1_inferium_crop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 1 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.tier2_inferium_crop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 2 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.tier3_inferium_crop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 3 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.tier4_inferium_crop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 4 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.tier5_inferium_crop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 5 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.tin_crop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.tinkering_table.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tinkering Table
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.titanium_crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Titanium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_furnace.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE §8Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_furnace_active.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE §8Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_reprocessor.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE §8Ultimate Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_crop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranium 238 Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.uranium_crop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Uranium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_crop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_crop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Metal Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.water_crop.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_crop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.witherproof_block.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Witherproof Block
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.witherproof_glass.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Witherproof Glass
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.wood_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_crop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellorium Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.zinc_crop.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc Crop
fe.protection.explode.mysticalagriculture.zombie_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Zombie Crop
fe.protection.explode.natura.amaranth_button.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.amaranth_fence.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.amaranth_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.amaranth_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.amaranth_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.barley_crop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.barley_crop.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.blaze_hopper.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blaze Hopper
fe.protection.explode.natura.blaze_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.natura.blaze_rail_activator.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.natura.blaze_rail_detector.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.natura.blaze_rail_golden.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.explode.natura.bloodwood_button.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.bloodwood_fence.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.bloodwood_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.bloodwood_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.bloodwood_trap_door.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.bluebells_flower.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bluebells
fe.protection.explode.natura.clouds.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.clouds.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.colored_grass.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.colored_grass.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.colored_grass_slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.colored_grass_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.colored_grass_stairs_autumnal.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Autumnal Grass Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.colored_grass_stairs_bluegrass.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bluegrass Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.colored_grass_stairs_topiary.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Topiary Grass Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.cotton_crop.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.cotton_crop.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.darkwood_button.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.darkwood_fence.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.darkwood_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.darkwood_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.darkwood_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.eucalyptus_button.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.eucalyptus_fence.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.eucalyptus_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.eucalyptus_trap_door.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.fusewood_button.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.fusewood_fence.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.fusewood_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.fusewood_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.fusewood_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.ghostwood_button.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.ghostwood_fence.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.ghostwood_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.ghostwood_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.ghostwood_trap_door.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.hopseed_button.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.hopseed_fence.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.hopseed_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.hopseed_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.hopseed_trap_door.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.lit_netherrack_furnace.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.explode.natura.maple_button.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.maple_fence.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.maple_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.maple_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.maple_trap_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_berrybush_blightberry.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blightberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_berrybush_duskberry.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Duskberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_berrybush_skyberry.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Skyberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_berrybush_stingberry.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stingberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_blue_large_glowshroom.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_blue_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_bookshelves.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_bookshelves.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_button.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_door_bloodwood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.nether_door_bloodwood.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_door_darkwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.nether_door_darkwood.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_door_fusewood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.nether_door_fusewood.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_door_ghostwood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.nether_door_ghostwood.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_glass.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_glowshroom.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_green_large_glowshroom.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_green_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_heat_sand.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Sand
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_leaves.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_leaves2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_leaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_lever.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_logs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_logs.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_logs2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodwood
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_planks.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_planks.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_purple_large_glowshroom.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_purple_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_sapling.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_sapling2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_sapling2.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_slab.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_stairs_bloodwood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_stairs_darkwood.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_stairs_fusewood.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_stairs_ghostwood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_tainted_soil.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_tainted_soil.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_thorn_vines.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Thornvines
fe.protection.explode.natura.nether_workbenches.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.nether_workbenches.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.netherrack_furnace.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_berrybush_blackberry.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Blackberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_berrybush_blueberry.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_berrybush_maloberry.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Maloberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_berrybush_raspberry.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_bookshelves.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_bookshelves.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_door_eucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.overworld_door_eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_door_hopseed.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.overworld_door_hopseed.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_door_maple.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.overworld_door_maple.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_door_redwood.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.overworld_door_redwood.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_door_redwood_bark.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.overworld_door_redwood_bark.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_door_sakura.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.overworld_door_sakura.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_door_silverbell.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.overworld_door_silverbell.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_door_tiger.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE item.natura.overworld_door_tiger.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_leaves.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_leaves2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_leaves2.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_logs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_logs.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_logs2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_logs2.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_planks.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_planks.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_sapling2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_sapling2.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_slab2.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_stairs_amaranth.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_stairs_eucalyptus.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_stairs_hopseed.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_stairs_maple.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_stairs_redwood.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_stairs_sakura.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_stairs_silverbell.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_stairs_tiger.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiger Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_stairs_willow.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.explode.natura.overworld_workbenches.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.overworld_workbenches.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.redwood_button.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.redwood_fence.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.redwood_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.redwood_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.redwood_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.redwood_logs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.redwood_logs.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.redwood_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.redwood_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.redwood_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.redwood_trap_door.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.respawn_obelisk.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.natura.respawn_obelisk.name
fe.protection.explode.natura.saguaro.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.explode.natura.saguaro_baby.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Baby Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.explode.natura.saguaro_fruit.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.explode.natura.sakura_button.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.sakura_fence.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.sakura_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.sakura_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.sakura_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sakura Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.silverbell_button.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.silverbell_fence.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.silverbell_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.silverbell_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.silverbell_trap_door.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverbell Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.tiger_button.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiger Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.tiger_fence.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiger Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.tiger_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiger Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.tiger_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiger Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.tiger_trap_door.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiger Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.natura.willow_button.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Button
fe.protection.explode.natura.willow_fence.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence
fe.protection.explode.natura.willow_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.natura.willow_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.natura.willow_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Trap Door
fe.protection.explode.netherendingores.block_end_endermite.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone Endermite Monster Egg
fe.protection.explode.netherendingores.block_nether_netherfish.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack Netherfish Monster Egg
fe.protection.explode.netherendingores.creative_tab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Tab Block
fe.protection.explode.netherendingores.ore_end_modded_1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherendingores:ore_end_modded_1.name
fe.protection.explode.netherendingores.ore_end_modded_2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherendingores:ore_end_modded_2.name
fe.protection.explode.netherendingores.ore_end_vanilla.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherendingores:ore_end_vanilla.name
fe.protection.explode.netherendingores.ore_nether_modded_1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_modded_1.name
fe.protection.explode.netherendingores.ore_nether_modded_2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_modded_2.name
fe.protection.explode.netherendingores.ore_nether_vanilla.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_vanilla.name
fe.protection.explode.netherendingores.ore_other_1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherendingores:ore_other_1.name
fe.protection.explode.omlib.network_cable.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.network_cable.name
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.auto_anvil.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.auto_enchantment_table.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.beartrap.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bear Trap
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.big_button.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Big Button
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.big_button_wood.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Big Button
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.block_breaker.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Breaker
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.block_placer.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Placer
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.builder_guide.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.cannon.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Cannon
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.canvas.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Canvas
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.canvas_glass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Canvas
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.donation_station.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Donation Station
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.drawing_table.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawing Table
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.elevator.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.elevator_rotating.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.fan.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fan
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.flag.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Flag
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.golden_egg.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Golden Egg
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.grave.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Grave
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.guide.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Building Guide
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.heal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Healer
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.imaginary.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.item_dropper.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Dropper
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.ladder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.paint_can.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Can
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.paint_mixer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.path.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Path
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.projector.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.rope_ladder.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.scaffolding.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Scaffolding
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.sky.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Block
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.sponge.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.sprinkler.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.tank.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Tank
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.target.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Target
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.trophy.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Trophy
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.vacuum_hopper.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.village_highlighter.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.xp_bottler.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Bottler
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.xp_drain.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Drain
fe.protection.explode.openblocks.xp_shower.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE XP Shower
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.adapter.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Adapter
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.assembler.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.cable.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cable
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.capacitor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.carpetedcapacitor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.case1.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.case2.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.case3.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.casecreative.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.chameliumblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.charger.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.disassembler.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Disassembler
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.diskdrive.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Disk Drive
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.endstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.geolyzer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Geolyzer
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.hologram1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.hologram2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.keyboard.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Keyboard
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.microcontroller.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Microcontroller
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.motionsensor.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.netsplitter.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Net Splitter
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.powerconverter.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Converter
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.powerdistributor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Distributor
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.print.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Print
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.printer.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Printer
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.rack.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rack
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.raid.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Raid
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.redstone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.relay.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Relay
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.robot.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE robot.name
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.robotafterimage.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Robot
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.screen1.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.screen2.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.screen3.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.transposer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Transposer
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.waypoint.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Waypoint
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.base_addon.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.base_addon.name
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.disposable_item_turret.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.expander.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.expander.name
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.grenade_turret.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.incendiary_turret.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.laser_turret.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Laser Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.lever_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.machine_gun_turret.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gun Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.potato_cannon_turret.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.rail_gun_turret.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.relativistic_turret.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.rocket_turret.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.teleporter_turret.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.explode.openmodularturrets.turret_base.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Turret Base
fe.protection.explode.planetprogression.advanced_launch_pad.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.explode.planetprogression.advanced_launch_pad_full.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.explode.planetprogression.block_multi.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.explode.planetprogression.satellite_builder.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Satellite Builder
fe.protection.explode.planetprogression.satellite_controller.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Satellite Controller
fe.protection.explode.planetprogression.satellite_launcher.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Satellite Rocket Launch Module
fe.protection.explode.planetprogression.telescope.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Telescope
fe.protection.explode.planetprogression.telescope_fake_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.telescope_fake_block.name
fe.protection.explode.playerplates.invisible_mossy_plate.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobble Pressure Plate (Invisible)
fe.protection.explode.playerplates.invisible_obsidian_plate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Pressure Plate (Invisible)
fe.protection.explode.playerplates.mossy_plate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobble Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.playerplates.obsidian_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.plethora.manipulator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Manipulator
fe.protection.explode.plethora.redstone_integrator.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone integrator
fe.protection.explode.plustic.alumiteblock.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Alumite Block
fe.protection.explode.plustic.invarblock.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Invar Block
fe.protection.explode.plustic.mirionblock.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mirion Block
fe.protection.explode.plustic.osgloglasblock.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Osgloglas Block
fe.protection.explode.plustic.osmiridiumblock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmiridium Block
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_alumite.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_desh.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Desh
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_elementium.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_manasteel.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_mirion.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Mirion
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_osgloglas.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Osgloglas
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_osmiridium.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Osmiridium
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_osmium.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Osmium
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_refinedglowstone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Refined Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_refinedobsidian.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Refined Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_terrasteel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.explode.plustic.plustic.molten_thaumium.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Thaumium
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.advanced_air_compressor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Air Compressor
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.advanced_liquid_compressor.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.advanced_pressure_tube.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Pressure Tube
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.aerial_interface.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Aerial Interface
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.air_cannon.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Cannon
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.air_compressor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Compressor
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.aphorism_tile.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Aphorism Tile
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.assembly_controller.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly Controller
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.assembly_drill.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly Drill
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.assembly_io_unit.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly IO Unit
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.assembly_laser.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly Laser
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.assembly_platform.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Assembly Platform
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.charging_station.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Charging Station
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.compressed_iron_block.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Compressed Iron
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.creative_compressor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Compressor
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.drone_interface.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Drone Interface
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.drone_redstone_emitter.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.drone_redstone_emitter.name
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.electric_compressor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Compressor
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.electrostatic_compressor.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrostatic Compressor
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.elevator_base.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Base
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.elevator_caller.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Caller
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.elevator_frame.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Frame
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.fake_ice.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fake_ice.name
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.fluid.diesel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Diesel
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.fluid.etchacid.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Etching Acid
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.fluid.kerosene.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Kerosene
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.fluid.lpg.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE LPG
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.fluid.lubricant.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lubricant
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.fluid.plastic.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.flux_compressor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Compressor
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.gas_lift.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gas Lift
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.heat_sink.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Sink
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.kerosene_lamp.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Kerosene Lamp
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.kerosene_lamp_light.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.kerosene_lamp_light.name
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.liquid_compressor.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.liquid_hopper.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Hopper
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.omnidirectional_hopper.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Omnidirectional Hopper
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.plastic_mixer.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Mixer
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_door.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pneumatic Door
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_door_base.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pneumatic Door Base
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_dynamo.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pneumatic Dynamo
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_generator.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pneumatic Generator
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_glass.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Chamber Glass
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_interface.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Chamber Interface
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_valve.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Chamber Valve
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_wall.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Chamber Wall
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.pressure_tube.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressure Tube
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.programmable_controller.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Programmable Controller
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.programmer.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Programmer
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.refinery.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Refinery
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.security_station.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Security Station
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.sentry_turret.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sentry Turret
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.thermal_compressor.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Thermal Compressor
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.thermopneumatic_processing_plant.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Thermopneumatic Processing Plant
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.universal_sensor.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Universal Sensor
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.uv_light_box.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE UV Light Box
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.vacuum_pump.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Vacuum Pump
fe.protection.explode.pneumaticcraft.vortex_tube.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Vortex Tube
fe.protection.explode.portalgun.block_portal.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.portalgun.block.portal.name
fe.protection.explode.powersuits.liquid_nitrogen.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.powersuits.liquid_nitrogen.name
fe.protection.explode.powersuits.luxcapacitor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.powersuits.tinkertable.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.explode.projectred-expansion.machine1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-expansion.machine2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-exploration.barrel.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-exploration.ore.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-exploration.stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-exploration.stone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.stoneWall.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-fabrication.ic_machine.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.fabrication.icMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-illumination.lamp.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-relocation.blockmovingrow.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-relocation.frame.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.relocation.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.acacia_button.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.acacia_button.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.acacia_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.acacia_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.acacia_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.acacia_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.andesite_speleothem.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.andesite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_acacia_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_acacia_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_acacia_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_acacia_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_acacia_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_acacia_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_acacia_wall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_acacia_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_birch_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_birch_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_birch_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_birch_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_birch_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_birch_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_birch_wall.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_birch_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_dark_oak_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_dark_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_dark_oak_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_dark_oak_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_dark_oak_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_dark_oak_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_dark_oak_wall.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_dark_oak_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_jungle_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_jungle_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_jungle_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_jungle_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_jungle_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_jungle_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_jungle_wall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_jungle_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_oak_slab.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_oak_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_oak_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_oak_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_oak_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_oak_wall.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_oak_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_spruce_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_spruce_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_spruce_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_spruce_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_spruce_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_spruce_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.bark_spruce_wall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bark_spruce_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.biome_brick.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biome_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.biome_cobblestone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biome_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.birch_button.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.birch_button.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.birch_pressure_plate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.birch_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.birch_trapdoor.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.birch_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.blaze_lantern.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blaze_lantern.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.blaze_rod.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blaze_rod.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.brick_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brick_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.candle.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Candle
fe.protection.explode.quark.carved_wood.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.carved_wood.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.charred_nether_brick_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.charred_nether_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.charred_nether_brick_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.charred_nether_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.charred_nether_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.charred_nether_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.charred_nether_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.charred_nether_bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.chute.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chute.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.cobbed_stone_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbed_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.cobbed_stone_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbed_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.cobbed_stone_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbed_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.cobbed_stone_wall.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobbed_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.cobblestone_mossy_slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobblestone_mossy_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.cobblestone_mossy_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobblestone_mossy_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.cobblestone_mossy_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cobblestone_mossy_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.color_slime.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.color_slime.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_black.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_black.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_blue.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_blue.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_brown.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_brown.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_cyan.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_cyan.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_gray.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_gray.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_green.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_green.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_light_blue.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_light_blue.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_lime.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_lime.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_magenta.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_magenta.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_orange.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_orange.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_pink.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_pink.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_purple.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_purple.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_red.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_red.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_silver.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_silver.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_white.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_white.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.colored_flowerpot_yellow.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.colored_flowerpot_yellow.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.explode.quark.crystal_pane.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.crystal_pane.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.custom_chest.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.custom_chest.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.custom_chest_trap.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.custom_chest_trap.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.dark_oak_button.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dark_oak_button.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.dark_oak_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dark_oak_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.dark_oak_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dark_oak_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.dark_prismarine_wall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dark_prismarine_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.diorite_speleothem.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.diorite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.duskbound_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.duskbound_block.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.duskbound_block_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.duskbound_block_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.duskbound_block_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.duskbound_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.duskbound_block_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.duskbound_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.duskbound_block_wall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.duskbound_block_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.duskbound_lantern.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.duskbound_lantern.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_wall.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_wall.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_prismarine_wall.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_prismarine_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.elder_sea_lantern.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elder_sea_lantern.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.end_bricks_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.end_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.end_bricks_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.end_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.end_bricks_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.end_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.end_bricks_wall.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.end_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.fire_stone_brick_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fire_stone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.fire_stone_brick_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fire_stone_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.fire_stone_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fire_stone_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.fire_stone_brick_wall.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fire_stone_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.fire_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fire_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.fire_stone_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fire_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.fire_stone_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fire_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.fire_stone_wall.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fire_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.framed_glass.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.framed_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.framed_glass_pane.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.framed_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.glowcelium.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.glowcelium.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.glowshroom.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.glowshroom.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.glowshroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.glowshroom_block.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.gold_button.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gold_button.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.granite_speleothem.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.granite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.grate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grate.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.gravisand.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gravisand.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.gunpowder_block.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gunpowder_block.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.hardened_clay_tiles.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hardened_clay_tiles.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hardened_clay_tiles_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hardened_clay_tiles_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hardened_clay_tiles_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.icy_stone_brick_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icy_stone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.icy_stone_brick_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icy_stone_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.icy_stone_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icy_stone_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.icy_stone_brick_wall.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icy_stone_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.icy_stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icy_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.icy_stone_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icy_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.icy_stone_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icy_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.icy_stone_wall.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.icy_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.iron_button.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iron_button.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.iron_ladder.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iron_ladder.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.iron_plate.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iron_plate.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.iron_plate_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iron_plate_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.iron_plate_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iron_plate_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.iron_plate_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iron_plate_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.iron_rod.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.iron_rod.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.jasper.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jasper.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.jasper_speleothem.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jasper_speleothem.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.jasper_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jasper_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.jungle_button.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jungle_button.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.jungle_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jungle_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.jungle_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.jungle_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.leaf_carpet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaf_carpet.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.lit_lamp.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lit_lamp.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.magma_bricks.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.magma_bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.magma_bricks_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.magma_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.magma_bricks_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.magma_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.magma_bricks_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.magma_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.midori_block.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.midori_block.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.midori_block_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.midori_block_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.midori_block_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.midori_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.midori_block_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.midori_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.midori_block_wall.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.midori_block_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.midori_pillar.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.midori_pillar.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.monster_box.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.monster_box.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.nether_brick_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.nether_brick_fence_gate.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.netherrack_speleothem.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.netherrack_speleothem.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.paper_lantern.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.paper_lantern.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.paper_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.paper_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.paper_wall_big.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.paper_wall_big.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.paper_wall_sakura.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.paper_wall_sakura.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.polished_netherrack.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.polished_netherrack.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab_double.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_stairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_wall.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.polished_stone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.polished_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_bricks_slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_bricks_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_bricks_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_bricks_wall.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_dark_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_dark_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_dark_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_dark_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_dark_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_dark_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_rough_wall.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_rough_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.prismarine_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prismarine_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.purpur_block_wall.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.purpur_block_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.quartz_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartz_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.quilted_wool.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quilted_wool.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.rain_detector.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rain_detector.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.red_nether_brick_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.red_nether_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.red_nether_brick_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.red_nether_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.red_nether_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.red_nether_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.red_sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.red_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.red_sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.red_sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.red_sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.red_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.red_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.red_sandstone_wall.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.red_sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.reed_block.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reed_block.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.reed_block_slab.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reed_block_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.reed_block_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reed_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.reed_block_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reed_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.reed_block_wall.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.reed_block_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.roots.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.roots.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.roots_black_flower.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.roots_black_flower.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.roots_blue_flower.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.roots_blue_flower.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.roots_white_flower.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.roots_white_flower.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.rope.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rope.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandstone_new.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_new.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandstone_wall.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandy_bricks.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandy_bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandy_bricks_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandy_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandy_bricks_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandy_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandy_bricks_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandy_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sandy_bricks_wall.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sandy_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.slate.*                                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slate.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.slate_speleothem.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slate_speleothem.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.slate_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slate_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.smoker.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.smoker.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.snow_bricks.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.snow_bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.snow_bricks_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.snow_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.snow_bricks_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.snow_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.snow_bricks_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.snow_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.snow_bricks_wall.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.snow_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.soul_sandstone.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soul_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.soul_sandstone_slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soul_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.soul_sandstone_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soul_sandstone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.soul_sandstone_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soul_sandstone_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.soul_sandstone_wall.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.soul_sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.spruce_button.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spruce_button.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.spruce_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spruce_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.spruce_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spruce_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab_double.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab_double.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_stairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_black_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_black_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_black_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_black_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_black_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_black_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_blue_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_blue_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_blue_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_brown_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_brown_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_brown_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_brown_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_brown_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_brown_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_cyan_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_cyan_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_cyan_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_cyan_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_cyan_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_cyan_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_gray_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_gray_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_gray_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_gray_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_gray_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_gray_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_green_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_green_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_green_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_green_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_green_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_green_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_light_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_light_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_light_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_lime_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_lime_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_lime_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_lime_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_lime_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_lime_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_magenta_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_magenta_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_magenta_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_magenta_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_magenta_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_magenta_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_orange_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_orange_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_orange_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_orange_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_orange_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_orange_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_pink_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_pink_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_pink_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_pink_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_pink_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_pink_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_purple_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_purple_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_purple_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_purple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_purple_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_purple_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_red_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_red_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_red_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_red_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_red_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_red_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_silver_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_silver_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_silver_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_silver_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_silver_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_silver_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_white_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_white_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_white_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_white_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_white_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_white_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_yellow_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_yellow_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_yellow_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_yellow_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stained_planks_yellow_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stained_planks_yellow_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_wall.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_andesite_slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_andesite_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_andesite_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_andesite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_andesite_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_andesite_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_andesite_wall.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_andesite_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_wall.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_diorite_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_diorite_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_diorite_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_diorite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_diorite_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_diorite_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_diorite_wall.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_diorite_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_granite_bricks_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_granite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_granite_bricks_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_granite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_granite_bricks_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_granite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_granite_bricks_wall.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_granite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_granite_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_granite_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_granite_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_granite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_granite_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_granite_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_granite_wall.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_granite_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_wall.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_jasper_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_jasper_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_jasper_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_jasper_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_jasper_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_jasper_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_slate_bricks_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_slate_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_slate_bricks_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_slate_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_slate_bricks_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_slate_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_slate_bricks_wall.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_slate_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_slate_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_slate_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_slate_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_slate_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_slate_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_slate_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_speleothem.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_speleothem.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stone_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stone_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stonebrick_mossy_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonebrick_mossy_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stonebrick_mossy_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonebrick_mossy_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stonebrick_mossy_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonebrick_mossy_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stonebrick_mossy_wall.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonebrick_mossy_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.stonebrick_wall.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.stonebrick_wall.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.sugar_block.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sugar_block.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.thatch.*                                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.thatch_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.thatch_slab_double.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.thatch_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thatch_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.turf.*                                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.turf.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.turf_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.turf_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.turf_slab_double.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.turf_slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.turf_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.turf_stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.vertical_planks.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vertical_planks.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.vertical_stained_planks.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.vertical_stained_planks.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.world_stone_bricks.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.world_stone_bricks.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.world_stone_carved.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.world_stone_carved.name
fe.protection.explode.quark.world_stone_pavement.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.world_stone_pavement.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.abyssal.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.abyssal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.abyssal_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.abyssal_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.abyssal.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.abyssal_paver_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.abyssal_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.abyssal.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.abyssal_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Abyssal Stone
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.actuator.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.actuator.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.admin_steam_producer.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Admin Steam Producer
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.andesite.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.andesite.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.anvil.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.badlands.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.badlands.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.badlands_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Badlands Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.badlands_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.badlands.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.badlands_paver_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Badlands Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.badlands_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.badlands.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.battery_nickel_iron.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel-Iron Battery
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.battery_nickel_zinc.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel-Zinc Battery
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon_empty.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Expended Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver_empty.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Expended Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.blast_furnace.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast Furnace Brick
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.bleachedbone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.bleachedbone_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bleached Bone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.bleachedbone_double_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.bleachedbone_paver_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bleached Bone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.bleachedbone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.bloodstained.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.bloodstained_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodstained Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.bloodstained_double_slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.bloodstained.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.bloodstained_paver_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bloodstained Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.bloodstained_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.bloodstained.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.boiler_firebox_fluid.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.boiler_firebox_solid.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_high.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE High Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_low.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Low Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.charge_feeder.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.charge.feeder.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.charge_trap.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Charge Trap
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.chest_metals.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Metals Chest
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.chest_void.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Chest
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.coke_block.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.coke_oven.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.coke_oven_red.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.creosote.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.creosote_block.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote Wood Block
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.creosote_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.creosote.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.creosote_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.creosote_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.detector.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.diorite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.diorite.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.engine_steam_high.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Steam Engine
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.engine_steam_hobby.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hobbyist's Steam Engine
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.engine_steam_low.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Commercial Steam Engine
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.equipment.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.equipment.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.flux_transformer.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Transformer
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.force_track_emitter.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Force Track Emitter
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.frame.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.frostbound.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.frostbound.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.frostbound_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Frost Bound Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.frostbound_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.frostbound.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.frostbound_paver_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Frost Bound Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.frostbound_slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.frostbound.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.generic.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.generic.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.glass.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.glass.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.granite.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.granite.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.infernal.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.infernal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.infernal_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.infernal_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.infernal.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.infernal_paver_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.infernal_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.infernal.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.jaded.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.jaded.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.jaded_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaded Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.jaded_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.jaded.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.jaded_paver_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaded Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.jaded_slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.jaded.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.jaded_stone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jaded Stone
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.logbook.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Logbook
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.manipulator.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.manipulator.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.metal.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.nether.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.ore.*                                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.ore_magic.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.magic.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.ore_metal.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.ore_metal_poor.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.poor.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.pearlized.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.pearlized.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.pearlized_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pearlized Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.pearlized_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.pearlized.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.pearlized_paver_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pearlized Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.pearlized_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.pearlized.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.post_metal.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.post_metal_platform.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.quarried.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.quarried.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.quarried_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Quarried Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.quarried_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.quarried.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.quarried_paver_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Quarried Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.quarried_slab.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.quarried.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.quarried_stone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Quarried Stone
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.red_nether.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.red.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.reinforced_concrete.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.reinforced.concrete.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.ritual.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ritual.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.rock_crusher.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rock Crusher
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.sandy.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.sandy.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.sandy_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandy Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.sandy_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.sandy.double.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.sandy_paver_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandy Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.sandy_slab.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.sandy.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.signal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.signal_box.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.box.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.signal_dual.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.dual.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.steam.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.steam_oven.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Oven
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.steam_turbine.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Turbine Housing
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_iron_gauge.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Tank Gauge
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_iron_valve.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Tank Valve
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_iron_wall.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Tank Wall
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_steel_gauge.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Tank Gauge
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_steel_valve.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Tank Valve
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_steel_wall.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Tank Wall
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_water.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Tank Siding
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_elevator.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_abandoned.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Abandoned Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_electric.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_high_speed.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE High Speed Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_hs_electric.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE High Speed Electric Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_reinforced.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_strap_iron.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Strap Iron Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_force.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.track.force.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_outfitted.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.track.outfitted.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.trade_station.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Trade Station
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.wire.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Charge Shunting Wire
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.worldlogic.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.worldspike.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.worldspike.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.worldspike_point.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Worldspike Point
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.generic_solid.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Generic Solid
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.generic_space.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Generic Space
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.maze_generator.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Maze Generator
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.spawn_script.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Script Block
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.structure_generator.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Generator
fe.protection.explode.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spawn_command.name
fe.protection.explode.redstonearsenal.storage.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.reforged.caltrop.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Caltrop
fe.protection.explode.searedladder.seared_ladder.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Ladder
fe.protection.explode.statues.statue.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Statue
fe.protection.explode.stevescarts.blockactivator.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Module Toggler
fe.protection.explode.stevescarts.blockadvdetector.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.stevescarts.blockcargomanager.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cargo Manager
fe.protection.explode.stevescarts.blockcartassembler.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cart Assembler
fe.protection.explode.stevescarts.blockdetector.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.explode.stevescarts.blockdistributor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE External Distributor
fe.protection.explode.stevescarts.blockjunction.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Junction Rail
fe.protection.explode.stevescarts.blockliquidmanager.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Manager
fe.protection.explode.stevescarts.blockmetalstorage.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.stevescarts.upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.cable.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.cable_breaker.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Gate
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.cable_bud.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Detector
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.cable_camouflage.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.cable_cluster.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.cable_input.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.cable_intake.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.cable_output.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.cable_relay.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.cable_sign.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign Updater
fe.protection.explode.superfactorymanager.manager.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.explode.supersoundmuffler.sound_muffler.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Super Sound Muffler
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.blood.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.casting.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.channel.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Casting Channel
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.faucet.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Faucet
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.glow.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.milk.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.milk.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Brass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Clay
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Copper
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_enderium.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.enderium.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.glass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Gold
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_invar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.invar.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_iridium.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.iridium.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Iron
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lead
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_lumium.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.lumium.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_platinum.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.platinum.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_signalum.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.signalum.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Silver
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Steel
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Tin
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.punji.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.rack.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.soil.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Torch
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Forge
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Bricks
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Ear
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Workbench Charger
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Warding Aura
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Condenser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Crucible
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Order Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Earth Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glimmer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapping Field
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Static Field
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.empty.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Space
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Flesh
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Goo
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.hole.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Runic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Warded Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Death
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Log
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Log
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Crate
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rare Crate
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Rare Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Brass Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Metal Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE White Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Research Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.spa.*                                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Spa
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stabilizer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Rock
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Porous Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crusted Taint
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Swollen Taint
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Taint Geyser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Taintwood Log
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Rock
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube.*                                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Valve
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Battery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Generator
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vishroom
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Siphon
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_greatwood.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_silverwood.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_thaumium.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Arcane Door
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_terraformer.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Terraformer
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_metal.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_silverwood.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_wood.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.bars.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicaugmentation.bars.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.button_arcane_stone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Button
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.button_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Button
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.button_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Button
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.capstone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicaugmentation.capstone.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.crab_vent.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crusted Opening
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Lock
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock_impetus.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Lock
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.fortified_glass.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fortified Glass
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.fortified_glass_pane.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fortified Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.glass_tube.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_creative.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_creative.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_diffuser.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Impetus Diffuser
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_drainer.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Impetus Drainer
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_gate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Impetus Gate
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_generator.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Impetus Generator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_matrix.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Impetus Matrix
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_matrix_base.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Impetus Matrix Base
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_mirror.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Impetus Mirror
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_relay.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Impetus Relay
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.item_grate.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Grate
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_arcane_stone.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_greatwood.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_silverwood.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.rift_barrier.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.rift_feeder.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Inducer
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.rift_jar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Rift in a Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.rift_monitor.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Extradimensional Monitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.rift_mover_input.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Metaspatial Accumulator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.rift_mover_output.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Metaspatial Extruder
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicaugmentation.slab.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicaugmentation.slab_double.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.stability_field_generator.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stability Field Generator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.stairs_ancient.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.stairs_eldritch_tile.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.starfield_glass.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicaugmentation.starfield_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.stone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicaugmentation.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.strange_crystal.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Strange Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.taint_flower.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Flower
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.temporary_light.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Casted Light
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.urn.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumicaugmentation.urn.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.vis_regenerator.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Regenerator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.void_recharge_pedestal.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_arcane_stone.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Arcane Button
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_greatwood.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Arcane Button
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_silverwood.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Arcane Button
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.warded_chest.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Warded Chest
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_arcane_stone.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_greatwood.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_silverwood.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.thaumicenergistics.infusion_provider.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Infusion Provider
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.animation_tablet.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.dissimulation.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dissimulation Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.dummy_nitor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumictinkerer:dummy_nitor.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.enchantment_pillar.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanting Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.example.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Placeholder Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.funnel.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.magnet.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.mob_magnet.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Corporeal Attractor
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.nitor_vapor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumictinkerer:nitor_vapor.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.osmotic_enchanter.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.repairer.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.transvector_dislocator.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.transvector_interface.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.alkahest_vat.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Alkahest Vat
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.catalyzation_chamber.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.cinderpearl_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.coalescence_matrix.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Coalescence Matrix
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.coalescence_matrix_precursor.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Coalescence Matrix
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.creative_essentia_jar.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Essentia Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.dimensional_ripper.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Ripper
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.everburning_urn.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Everburning Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.fluid_quicksilver.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Quicksilver
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.flux_capacitor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.flux_distiller.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Distiller
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.hexamite.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hexamite
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.inspiration_engine.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Inspiration Engine
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.madness_engine.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Madness Engine
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.meaty_orb.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Meaty Orb
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.meteorb.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteorb
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.ore_diviner.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ore Diviner
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.placeholder_adv_alch_construct.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.placeholder_arcane_stone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.placeholder_obsidian.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.placeholder_thaumium_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.placeholder_void_metal_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.portal_anchor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal Anchor
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.portal_generator.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal Generator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator_terminus.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Accelerator Terminus
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator_tunnel.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Accelerator Tunnel
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.primordial_accretion_chamber.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.shimmerleaf_crop.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.vishroom_crop.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Vishroom
fe.protection.explode.thaumicwonders.void_beacon.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Beacon
fe.protection.explode.thaumtweaks.crafter.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Crafter
fe.protection.explode.thermalcultivation.soil.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalcultivation.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.thermaldynamics.duct_0.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.thermaldynamics.duct_16.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.thermaldynamics.duct_32.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.thermaldynamics.duct_48.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.thermaldynamics.duct_64.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalexpansion.apparatus.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.apparatus.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalexpansion.cache.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalexpansion.cell.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalexpansion.device.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalexpansion.dynamo.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalexpansion.machine.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalexpansion.strongbox.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalexpansion.tank.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.fluid_aerotheum.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.fluid_crude_oil.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crude Oil
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.fluid_cryotheum.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.fluid_ender.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.fluid_glowstone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.fluid_mana.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Mana
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.fluid_petrotheum.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.fluid_pyrotheum.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.fluid_redstone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.glass.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.glass.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.glass_alloy.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.glass.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.ore.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.ore_fluid.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.rockwool.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.rockwool.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.storage.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.storage_alloy.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.thermalfoundation.storage_resource.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.torchmaster.dread_lamp.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dread Lamp
fe.protection.explode.torchmaster.feral_flare_lantern.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Feral Flare Lantern
fe.protection.explode.torchmaster.invisible_light.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.torchmaster.invisible_light.name
fe.protection.explode.torchmaster.mega_torch.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.torchmaster.mega_torch.name
fe.protection.explode.torchmaster.terrain_lighter.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Terrain Lighter
fe.protection.explode.translocators.craftinggrid.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_corner_ne.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_corner_nw.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_corner_se.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_corner_sw.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_end_e.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_end_n.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_end_s.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_end_w.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_side_e.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_side_n.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_side_s.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.treechop.chopped_log_side_w.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Block
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.block_storage.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.canopy_button.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Button
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.canopy_door.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.twilightforest.CanopyDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.canopy_doubleslab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.canopy_fence.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Fence
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.canopy_gate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Gate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.canopy_planks.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Planks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.canopy_plate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.canopy_slab.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.canopy_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.canopy_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Canopy Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_door.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Worn Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cicada.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cicada
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinder Log [NYI]
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_button.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_door.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.twilightforest.DarkDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_doubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Fence
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_gate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Gate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_planks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_plate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.firefly.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.force_field.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Log
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.hedge.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.iron_ladder.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ladder
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mangrove_button.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Button
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mangrove_door.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE item.twilightforest.MangroveDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mangrove_doubleslab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mangrove_fence.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mangrove_gate.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Gate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mangrove_planks.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Planks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mangrove_plate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mangrove_slab.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mangrove_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mangrove_trapdoor.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mine_button.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Minewood Button
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mine_door.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.twilightforest.MineDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mine_doubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Minewood Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mine_fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Minewood Fence
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mine_gate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Minewood Gate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mine_planks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Minewood Planks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mine_plate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Minewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mine_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Minewood Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mine_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Minewood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.mine_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Minewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Moonworm
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.root.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.slider.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.sort_button.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sortingwood Button
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.sort_door.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.twilightforest.SortDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.sort_doubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sortingwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.sort_fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sortingwood Fence
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.sort_gate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sortingwood Gate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.sort_planks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sortingwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.sort_plate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sortingwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.sort_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sortingwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.sort_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sortingwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.sort_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sortingwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.stone_twist.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.StonePillar.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.stone_twist_thin.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.StonePillarThin.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stronghold Shield
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.terrorcotta_circle.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Terrorcotta (Circular)
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.terrorcotta_diagonal.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Terrorcotta (Diagonal)
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.thorns.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.time_button.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Timewood Button
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.time_door.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.twilightforest.TimeDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.time_doubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Timewood Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.time_fence.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Timewood Fence
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.time_gate.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Timewood Gate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.time_planks.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Timewood Planks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.time_plate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Timewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.time_slab.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Timewood Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.time_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Timewood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.time_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Timewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.tower_device.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trans_button.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Transwood Button
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trans_door.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE item.twilightforest.TransDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trans_doubleslab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Transwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trans_fence.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Transwood Fence
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trans_gate.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Transwood Gate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trans_planks.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Transwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trans_plate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Transwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trans_slab.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Transwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trans_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Transwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trans_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Transwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trollber.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollber
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollvidr
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trophy.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_oak_button.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Oak Button
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_oak_door.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE item.twilightforest.TwilightOakDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_oak_doubleslab.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Oak Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_oak_fence.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_oak_gate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Oak Gate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_oak_planks.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Oak Planks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_oak_plate.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Oak Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_oak_slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Oak Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_oak_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Oak Stairs
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_oak_trapdoor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.worldcontrol.extremereactormonitor.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Extreme Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.explode.worldcontrol.howler_alarm.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Howler Alarm
fe.protection.explode.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_monitor.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE IC2 Thermal Monitor
fe.protection.explode.worldcontrol.ic2_remote_reactor_monitor.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.worldcontrol.ic2_remote_reactor_monitor.name
fe.protection.explode.worldcontrol.industrial_alarm.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Alarm
fe.protection.explode.worldcontrol.info_panel.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Info Panel
fe.protection.explode.worldcontrol.info_panel_advanced.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.worldcontrol.worldcontrol:info_panel_advanced.name
fe.protection.explode.worldcontrol.info_panel_extender.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Basic Info Panel Extender
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.altar.*                                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.apothecary_cauldron.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.apothecary_mortar.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.fertile_lilypad.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fertile_lilypad.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.interdiction_torch.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.pedestal.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.pedestal_passive.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pedestal_passive.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wraith_node.name
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.batterycomputerport.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.batterycontroller.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Controller
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.batteryelectrode.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Electrode
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.batteryglass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Glass
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.batterypowertap.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.batterywall.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Wall
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.blockgraphite.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Graphite
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.ecatalogue.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE E-Catalogue
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.nfcprogrammer.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE NFC Programmer
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.nfcreader.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE NFC Reader
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.quarryfixer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Quarry Fixer
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE FU Meter
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.smartcardterminalblock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Smart Card Terminal [WIP]
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sulfurousacid.name
fe.protection.explode.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.interact.*                                                                  # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.additionalpipes.teleport_tether.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Teleport Tether
fe.protection.interact.advanced_machines.machines.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT advanced_machines.machines
fe.protection.interact.advanced_solar_panels.machines.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT advanced_solar_panels.machines
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.encoder.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.grower.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.inscriber.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.ae2stuff.wireless.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Connector
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT ME Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Condenser
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT ME Controller
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT §a16k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT §61k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT §e4k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT §b64k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crank
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT ME Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ME IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Matrix Frame
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny TNT
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.interact.aquaacrobatics.bubble_column.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tile.aquaacrobatics.bubble.column.name.name
fe.protection.interact.aroma1997sdimension.miningore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.aroma1997sdimension:miningOre.name
fe.protection.interact.aroma1997sdimension.miningportal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.aroma1997sdimension.portalframe.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Portal Frame
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bell.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.case.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.clock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cookie Jar
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.desk.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dinner Plate
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Disc Rack
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.label.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.seat.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.table.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.blockblutonium.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blutonium Block
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.blockcyanite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cyanite Block
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.blockgraphite.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Graphite Block
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.blockludicrite.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ludicrite Block
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.blocksteel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Block
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.blockyellorium.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Yellorium Block
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.cyanite.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bigreactors:cyanite.name
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.oreanglesite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Anglesite Ore
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.orebenitoite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Benitoite Ore
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.oreyellorite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Yellorite Ore
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactoraccessport.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Access Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorcasing.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Casing (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorcomputerport.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Computer Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorcontroller.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Controller (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorcontrolrod.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Control Rod (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorcoolantport.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Coolant Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorcreativecoolantport.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Creative Coolant Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorfuelrod.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Fuel Rod (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorglass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Glass (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorpowertaprf.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Redstone Flux Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorpowertaptesla.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Tesla Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorrednetport.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor RedNet Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.reactorredstoneport.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reactor Redstone Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbinebearing.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Rotor Bearing (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbinecomputerport.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Computer Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbinecontroller.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Controller (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbinecreativesteamgenerator.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Creative Steam Generator (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbinefluidport.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Fluid Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbineglass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Glass (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbinehousing.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Housing (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbinepowertaprf.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Redstone Flux Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbinepowertaptesla.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Tesla Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbinerotorblade.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Rotor Blade (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.turbinerotorshaft.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turbine Rotor Shaft (Legacy)
fe.protection.interact.bigreactors.yellorium.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bigreactors:yellorium.name
fe.protection.interact.binniecore.storage.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Fire
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bramble
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Sand
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ebony Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Flesh
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Ice
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ivy
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mud.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Umbran Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT White Sand
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Vine
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Block
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_block_reinforced.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Block
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_door.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Door
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_door_reinforced.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Door
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.editable_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_double_slab_reinforced.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.editable_double_slab_reinforced.name
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_fence.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Fence
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_fence_reinforced.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Fence
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_inner_corner.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Inner Corner
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_inner_corner_reinforced.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Inner Corner
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_outer_corner.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Outer Corner
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_outer_corner_reinforced.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Outer Corner
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_all.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Pressure Plate (All)
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_all_reinforced.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (All)
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_items.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Pressure Plate (Items)
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_items_reinforced.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Items)
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_mobs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Pressure Plate (Mobs)
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_mobs_reinforced.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Mobs)
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_player.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Pressure Plate (Players)
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_player_reinforced.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Players)
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Slab
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_slab_reinforced.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Slab
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_slant.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Slant
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_slant_reinforced.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Slant
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Stairs
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_stairs_reinforced.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Stairs
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_trap_door.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_trap_door_reinforced.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Framed Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_wall.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.editable_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.blockcraftery.editable_wall_reinforced.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.editable_wall_reinforced.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.alchemy_array.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemy Array
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.alchemy_table.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemy Table
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.altar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Altar
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.blood_light.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Light
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.blood_rune.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.rune..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.blood_tank.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Tank
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.decorative_brick.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_brick_1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.bricks1..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_brick_2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.bricks2..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_crucible.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Crucible
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_crystal.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.demonCrystal..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_crystallizer.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Crystallizer
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_extras.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.extras..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_light.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.demonlight..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.pillar1..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.pillar2..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap1..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap2..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_3.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap3..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_pylon.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Demon Pylon
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.stairs1..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.stairs2..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.stairs3..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.demon_wall_1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.wall1..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.dimensional_portal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Portal
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.incense_altar.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Incense Altar
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.input_routing_node.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Input Routing Node
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.inversion_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.inversionpillar..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.inversion_pillar_end.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.inversionpillarend..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.item_routing_node.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Routing Node
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.life_essence.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Life Essence
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.master_routing_node.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Master Routing Node
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.mimic.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.mimic..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.output_routing_node.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Output Routing Node
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.path.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.path..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.phantom.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Block
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.ritual_controller.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.stone.ritual..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.ritual_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.ritualStone..name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.soul_forge.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hellfire Forge
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.spectral.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bloodmagic.spectral.name
fe.protection.interact.bloodmagic.teleposer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Teleposer
fe.protection.interact.botania.alchemycatalyst.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.alfheimportal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.altar.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altar.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.altgrass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.animatedtorch.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.animatedTorch.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.avatar.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.bellows.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.interact.botania.bifrost.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.bifrostperm.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.bifrostpermpane.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea0slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea0slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea0stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea0wall.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea10slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea10slabfull.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea10stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea11slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea11slabfull.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea11stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea12slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea12slabfull.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea12stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea13slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea13slabfull.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea13stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea14slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea14slabfull.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea14stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea15slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea15slabfull.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea15stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea1slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea1slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea1stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea2slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea2slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea2stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea3slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea3slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea3stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea4slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea4slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea4stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea5slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea5slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea5stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea6slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea6slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea6stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea7slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea7slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea7stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea8slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea8slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea8stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea9slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea9slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea9stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb0slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb0slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb0stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb1slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb1slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb1stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb2slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb2slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb2stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb3slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb3slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb3stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb4slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb4slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb4stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb5slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb5slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb5stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb6slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb6slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb6stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb7slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb7slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb7stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.blazeblock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.brewery.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.buriedpetals.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.cacophoniumblock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.cellblock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.cocoon.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.conjurationcatalyst.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.corporeacrystalcube.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.corporeafunnel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.corporeaindex.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.corporeainterceptor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.corporearetainer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.custombrick.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.distributor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.interact.botania.doubleflower1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.doubleflower2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood0slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood0slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood0stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood0wall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood1slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood1slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood1stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.elfglass.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.elfglasspane.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.enchantedsoil.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.enchanter.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.endereyeblock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.fakeair.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.felpumpkin.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.floatingspecialflower.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.flower.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.forestdrum.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.foresteye.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.gaiaheadblock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.ghostrail.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.hourglass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.incenseplate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.lightlauncher.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.lightrelay.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock0slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock0slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock0stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock0wall.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock1slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock1slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock1stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood0slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood0slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood0stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood0wall.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood1slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood1slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood1stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.manabomb.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.manadetector.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.manaflame.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.managlass.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.managlasspane.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.manavoid.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.miniisland.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.mushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.botania.opencrate.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement0slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement0slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement0stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement1slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement1slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement1stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement2slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement2slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement2stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement3slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement3slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement3stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement4slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement4slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement4stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement5slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement5slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement5stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.petalblock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pistonrelay.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.platform.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Hydraulic Platform
fe.protection.interact.botania.pool.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pool.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.prism.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prism.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pump.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pump.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pylon.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabblazefull.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabblazehalf.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabdarkfull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabdarkhalf.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabelffull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabelfhalf.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslablavenderfull.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslablavenderhalf.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabmanafull.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabmanahalf.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabredfull.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabredhalf.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabsunnyfull.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabsunnyhalf.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairsblaze.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairsdark.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairself.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairslavender.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairsmana.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairsred.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairssunny.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypeblaze.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypedark.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypeelf.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypelavender.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypemana.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypered.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypesunny.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringcomparator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringcontainer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringdispenser.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringfertilizer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringinterceptor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringrelay.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.rfgenerator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.root.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.root.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.runealtar.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerrock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerrock0slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerrock0slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerrock0stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerwoodplanks.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slabfull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shinyflower.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.solidvine.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.sparkchanger.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.spawnerclaw.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.specialflower.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.spreader.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.starfield.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.storage.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.terraplate.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.teruterubozu.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.tinyplanetblock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.tinypotato.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.turntable.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.ceramic.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.ceramicbrick.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.ceramicpattern.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.flower.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Botany Flower
fe.protection.interact.botany.flowerbed.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT botany.soil.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.flowerbed_no_weed.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT botany.soil.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.loam.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT botany.soil.loam.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.loam_no_weed.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT botany.soil.loam.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.machine.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.plant.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.soil.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT botany.soil.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.soil_no_weed.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT botany.soil.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.botany.stained.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftbuilders.architect.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.architectBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftbuilders.builder.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.builderBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftbuilders.filler.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fillerBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftbuilders.frame.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.frameBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftbuilders.library.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.libraryBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftbuilders.quarry.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quarryBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftbuilders.replacer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.replacerBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftcore.decorated.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.decorated.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftcore.engine.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftcore.marker_path.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pathMarkerBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftcore.marker_volume.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.markerBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftcore.spring.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spring.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_0.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_0.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_1.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_1.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_2.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_2.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_0.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_0.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_1.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_1.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_2.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_2.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_0.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_0.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_1.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_1.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_2.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_2.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_0.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_0.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_1.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_1.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_2.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_2.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_0.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_0.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_1.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_1.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_2.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_2.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_0.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_0.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_1.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_2.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_0.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_0.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_1.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_1.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_2.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_2.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_0.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_0.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_1.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_2.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_0.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_0.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_1.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_2.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_0.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_0.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_1.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_1.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_2.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_2.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftfactory.autoworkbench_item.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.autoWorkbenchBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftfactory.chute.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chuteBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftfactory.distiller.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.distiller.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftfactory.flood_gate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.floodGateBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftfactory.heat_exchange.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.heat_exchange.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftfactory.mining_well.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.miningWellBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftfactory.pump.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pumpBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftfactory.tank.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tankBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftfactory.tube.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tubeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftfactory.water_gel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.waterGel.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftrobotics.zone_planner.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.zonePlannerBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftsilicon.advanced_crafting_table.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.assemblyWorkbenchBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftsilicon.assembly_table.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.assemblyTableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftsilicon.integration_table.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.integrationTableBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcraftsilicon.laser.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.laserBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcrafttransport.filtered_buffer.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.filteredBufferBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.buildcrafttransport.pipe_holder.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pipeHolder.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bar_stool.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bar_stool.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.basin.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Basin
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bath_bottom.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bath
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bath_top.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bath
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedside_cabinet_acacia.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedside_cabinet_andesite.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedside_cabinet_birch.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedside_cabinet_dark_oak.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedside_cabinet_diorite.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedside_cabinet_granite.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Granite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedside_cabinet_jungle.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedside_cabinet_oak.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedside_cabinet_spruce.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bedside_cabinet_stone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bench.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Outdoor Bench
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bin.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bin
fe.protection.interact.cfm.bird_bath.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bird Bath
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blender.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Blender
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_acacia_closed.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_acacia_open.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_birch_closed.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_birch_open.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_closed.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_dark_oak_closed.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_dark_oak_open.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_jungle_closed.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_jungle_open.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_open.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_spruce_closed.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.blinds_spruce_open.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Blinds
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_andesite.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_birch.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_diorite.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_granite.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Granite Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_kitchen.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cabinet_kitchen.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cabinet_stone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.candle.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Candle
fe.protection.interact.cfm.castle_netting.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Castle Netting
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ceiling_fan.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ceiling Fan
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ceiling_light_off.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ceiling Light
fe.protection.interact.cfm.ceiling_light_on.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ceiling Light (On)
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chair_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chair_andesite.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chair_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chair_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chair_diorite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chair_granite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Granite Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chair_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chair_oak.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chair_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chair_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chimney.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chimney
fe.protection.interact.cfm.chopping_board.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chopping Board
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffee_table_acacia.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffee_table_andesite.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffee_table_birch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffee_table_dark_oak.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffee_table_diorite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffee_table_granite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Granite Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffee_table_jungle.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffee_table_oak.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffee_table_spruce.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.coffee_table_stone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.computer.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Computer
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cookie_jar.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cookie Jar
fe.protection.interact.cfm.couch.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.couch.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.couch_jeb.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rave Couch
fe.protection.interact.cfm.counter.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.counter.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.counter_drawer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.counter_drawer.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.counter_sink.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.counter_sink.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.crate.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Crate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.crate_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Crate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.crate_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Crate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.crate_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Crate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.crate_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Crate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.crate_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Crate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.cup.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cup.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.curtains_closed.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curtains_closed.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.curtains_open.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curtains_open.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Desk
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_andesite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite Desk
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Desk
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_cabinet_acacia.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_cabinet_andesite.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_cabinet_birch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_cabinet_dark_oak.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_cabinet_diorite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_cabinet_granite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Granite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_cabinet_jungle.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_cabinet_oak.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_cabinet_spruce.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_cabinet_stone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Desk
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_diorite.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite Desk
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_granite.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Granite Desk
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Desk
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_oak.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Desk
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Desk
fe.protection.interact.cfm.desk_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Desk
fe.protection.interact.cfm.digital_clock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Clock
fe.protection.interact.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dishwasher
fe.protection.interact.cfm.divingboard_base.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Divingboard
fe.protection.interact.cfm.divingboard_plank.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.divingboard_plank.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.door_bell.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Door Bell
fe.protection.interact.cfm.door_bell_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door Bell
fe.protection.interact.cfm.door_bell_birch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door Bell
fe.protection.interact.cfm.door_bell_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Door Bell
fe.protection.interact.cfm.door_bell_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Door Bell
fe.protection.interact.cfm.door_bell_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door Bell
fe.protection.interact.cfm.door_mat.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.door_mat.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.electric_fence.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Fence
fe.protection.interact.cfm.esky.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.esky.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.fairy_light.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fairy Light
fe.protection.interact.cfm.fire_alarm_off.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Alarm
fe.protection.interact.cfm.fire_alarm_on.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Alarm (On)
fe.protection.interact.cfm.fire_pit_off.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Pit
fe.protection.interact.cfm.fire_pit_on.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Pit
fe.protection.interact.cfm.freezer.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fridge
fe.protection.interact.cfm.fridge.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fridge
fe.protection.interact.cfm.grand_chair_bottom.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Grand Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.grand_chair_top.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grand Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.grill.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grill
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hedge_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Hedge
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hedge_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Hedge
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hedge_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Hedge
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hedge_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Hedge
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hedge_oak.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Hedge
fe.protection.interact.cfm.hedge_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Hedge
fe.protection.interact.cfm.inflatable_castle.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inflatable Castle
fe.protection.interact.cfm.lamp_off.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lamp_off.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.lamp_on.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp
fe.protection.interact.cfm.light_switch_off.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Switch
fe.protection.interact.cfm.light_switch_on.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Switch
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mail_box.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Mail Box
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mail_box_acacia.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Mail Box
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mail_box_birch.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Mail Box
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mail_box_dark_oak.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Mail Box
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mail_box_jungle.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Mail Box
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mail_box_spruce.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Mail Box
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mantel_piece.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mantelpiece
fe.protection.interact.cfm.microwave.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Microwave
fe.protection.interact.cfm.mirror.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Mirror
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_bed_bottom.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.modern_bed_bottom.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_bed_top.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.modern_bed_top.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_chair.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Modern Chair
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_coffee_table.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Modern Coffee Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_couch.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.modern_couch.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_light_off.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Modern Light
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_light_on.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Modern Light
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_sliding_door.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Modern Sliding Door
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_stair.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Modern Stairs
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_table.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Modern Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_table_outdoor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Modern Outdoor Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_tv.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Modern TV
fe.protection.interact.cfm.modern_window.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Modern Window
fe.protection.interact.cfm.oven.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Oven
fe.protection.interact.cfm.park_bench_acacia.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Park Bench
fe.protection.interact.cfm.park_bench_birch.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Park Bench
fe.protection.interact.cfm.park_bench_dark_oak.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Park Bench
fe.protection.interact.cfm.park_bench_jungle.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Park Bench
fe.protection.interact.cfm.park_bench_oak.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Park Bench
fe.protection.interact.cfm.park_bench_spruce.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Park Bench
fe.protection.interact.cfm.photo_frame.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.photo_frame.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.plate.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Plate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.present.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.present.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.printer.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Printer
fe.protection.interact.cfm.range_hood.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Oven Rangehood
fe.protection.interact.cfm.range_hood_powered.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.range_hood_powered.name
fe.protection.interact.cfm.shower_bottom.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Shower
fe.protection.interact.cfm.shower_head_off.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Shower Head
fe.protection.interact.cfm.shower_head_on.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Shower Head (On)
fe.protection.interact.cfm.shower_top.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Shower
fe.protection.interact.cfm.stereo.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stereo
fe.protection.interact.cfm.stone_path.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Path
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_andesite.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_diorite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_granite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Granite Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_oak.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_outdoor.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Outdoor Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.table_stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Table
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tap.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tap
fe.protection.interact.cfm.toaster.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Toaster
fe.protection.interact.cfm.toilet.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Toilet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.trampoline.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Trampoline
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tree_bottom.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Christmas Tree
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tree_top.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Christmas Tree
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tv.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT TV
fe.protection.interact.cfm.tv_stand.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Modern TV Stand
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_fence_acacia.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_fence_birch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_fence_dark_oak.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_fence_jungle.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_fence_nether_brick.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_fence_oak.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_fence_spruce.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_gate_acacia.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_gate_birch.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_gate_dark_oak.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_gate_jungle.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_gate_oak.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.upgraded_gate_spruce.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.wall_cabinet.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wall Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cfm.washing_machine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Washing Machine
fe.protection.interact.cfm.white_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Fence
fe.protection.interact.cfm.white_gate.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT White Gate
fe.protection.interact.cfm.wreath.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wreath
fe.protection.interact.charset.barrel.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Barrel
fe.protection.interact.charset.stacks_decorative.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.charset.stacks.name
fe.protection.interact.charset.wire.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.chickenchunks.chunk_loader.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chickenchunks:chunk_loader.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite1.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiblock.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Antiblock
fe.protection.interact.chisel.arcane_stone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.arcane_stone1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.arcane_stone2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockbronze.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockcopper.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Electrum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockgold.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockinvar.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Invar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockiron.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocklead.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocknickel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Nickel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Platinum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocksilver.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocksteel.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocktin.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockuranium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bloodmagic.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Blood Rune
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brownstone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_black.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Black Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_green.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Green Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_red.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Red Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_white.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT White Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.certus.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.certus1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.certus2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone1.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factory.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factory1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass1.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT White Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspane.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspane1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedblack.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedblue.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedbrown.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedcyan.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedgray.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedgreen.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedlightblue.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedlightgray.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedlime.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedmagenta.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedorange.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedpink.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedpurple.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedred.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedwhite.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT White Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedyellow.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice1.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice2.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.icepillar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ironpane.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratory.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marblepillar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherbrick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paper.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Paper Wall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-birch.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-oak.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.quartz.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.quartz1.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone1.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered-scribbles.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technicalnew.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.temple.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templemossy.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines' Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_black.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Black Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_blue.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_brown.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_gray.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_green.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Green Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lime.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_orange.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_pink.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_purple.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_red.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Red Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_white.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Wool
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.bittank.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Fluid Bit Tank
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_clay.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Clay
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_cloth.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Cloth
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_fluid.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Fluid
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_glass.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Glass
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_grass.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Grass
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ground.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Ground
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ice.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Ice
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_iron.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Metal
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_leaves.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Leaves
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_packedice.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_rock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Rock
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_sand.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Sand
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_snow.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Snow
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_wood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Wood
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_black.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.black.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_blue.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.blue.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_brown.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.brown.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_cyan.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.cyan.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_gray.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.gray.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_green.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.green.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_light_blue.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.light_blue.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_lime.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.lime.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.magenta.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_orange.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.orange.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_pink.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.pink.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_purple.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.purple.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_red.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.red.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_silver.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.silver.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_white.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.white.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.yellow.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.rope.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rope and Nail
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_black.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.black.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_blue.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.blue.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_brown.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.brown.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_cyan.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.cyan.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_gray.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.gray.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_green.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.green.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_light_blue.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.light_blue.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_lime.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.lime.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.magenta.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_orange.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.orange.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_pink.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.pink.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_purple.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.purple.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_red.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.red.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_silver.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.silver.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_white.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.white.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.yellow.name
fe.protection.interact.compacter.cobbler.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.interact.compacter.compacter.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Compacter
fe.protection.interact.compactsolars.compact_solar_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.compactsolars.compact_solar_block.name
fe.protection.interact.computercraft.advanced_modem.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Modem
fe.protection.interact.computercraft.cable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Networking Cable
fe.protection.interact.computercraft.command_computer.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Command Computer
fe.protection.interact.computercraft.computer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Computer
fe.protection.interact.computercraft.peripheral.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.interact.computercraft.turtle.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.computercraft.turtle_advanced.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.computercraft.turtle_expanded.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Turtle
fe.protection.interact.computercraft.wired_modem_full.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computercraft:wired_modem_full.name
fe.protection.interact.computronics.audio_cable.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Audio Cable
fe.protection.interact.computronics.camera.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Camera
fe.protection.interact.computronics.chat_box.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chat Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.cipher.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.colorful_lamp.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.interact.computronics.digital_box.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computronics.digital_box.name
fe.protection.interact.computronics.digital_detector.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cart Detector - Digital
fe.protection.interact.computronics.iron_note_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Note Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.locomotive_relay.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.interact.computronics.radar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Radar
fe.protection.interact.computronics.sound_board.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sound Board
fe.protection.interact.computronics.speaker.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Speaker
fe.protection.interact.computronics.speech_box.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Speech Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.tape_reader.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tape Drive
fe.protection.interact.computronics.ticket_machine.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ticket Machine
fe.protection.interact.conarm.armorforge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Forge
fe.protection.interact.conarm.armorstation.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Station
fe.protection.interact.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.cabinet.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Kitchen Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.cooking_table.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cooking Table
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.corner.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Kitchen Corner
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.counter.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Kitchen Counter
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.cow_jar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cow in a Jar
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.cutting_board.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cutting Board
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.fridge.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fridge
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.fruit_basket.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Basket
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.kitchen_floor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Kitchen Floor
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.milk_jar.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Milk Jar
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.oven.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Oven
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.sink.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sink
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.spice_rack.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spice Rack
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.toaster.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Toaster
fe.protection.interact.cookingforblockheads.tool_rack.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Rack
fe.protection.interact.crimsonwarfare.boss_activator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Altar
fe.protection.interact.culinaryconstruct.sandwich_station.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sandwich Station
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_0.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_3.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_4.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_0.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_3.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_4.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_5.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_6.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_7.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_8.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_9.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_0.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_1.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_2.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_3.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_4.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_5.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_6.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_7.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_8.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_9.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_0.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_3.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_4.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_5.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_6.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_0.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_3.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_4.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_5.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_6.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_minecraft_log.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_minecraft_log2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_natura_nether_logs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_natura_overworld_logs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_natura_overworld_logs2.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.debark.debarked_log_twilightforest_twilight_log.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.doge.doge_block.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Doge Block
fe.protection.interact.doge.mining_rig.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Rig
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_advanced_power_monitor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_alloy.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Block
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_alloy_endergy.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Endergy Alloy Block
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_alloy_smelter.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_attractor_obelisk.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_aversion_obelisk.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_broken_anvil.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Broken Dark Steel Anvil
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_buffer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block_buffer.name
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_cap_bank.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block_cap_bank.name
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_cold_fire.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cold Fire
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_combustion_generator.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Combustion Generator
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_concussion_charge.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Concussion Charge
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_conduit_bundle.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Conduit Connector
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_confusion_charge.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Confusion Charge
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_crafter.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Crafter
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_creative_spawner.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Spawner
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_dark_fused_glass.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_dark_fused_quartz.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_dark_iron_bars.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_dark_paper_anvil.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Paper Anvil
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_dark_steel_anvil.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Anvil
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_dark_steel_door.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_dark_steel_ladder.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_dark_steel_trapdoor.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_death_pouch.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Player
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_decoration1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Decoration Block
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_decoration2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Decoration Block
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_decoration3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Decoration Block
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_detector_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block Detector
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_detector_block_silent.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block Detector (Silent)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_dialing_device.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dialing Device
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_electric_light.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Light
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enchanter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_end_iron_bars.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT End Steel Bars
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_ender_charge.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Charge
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_ender_generator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Generator
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enderman_skull.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Skull
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_alloy_smelter.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_alloy_smelter_top.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_combustion_generator.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Combustion Generator
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_combustion_generator_top.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Combustion Generator
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_sag_mill.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced SAG Mill
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_sag_mill_top.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced SAG Mill
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_vat.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT The Enhanced Vat
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_vat_top.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT The Enhanced Vat
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_wired_charger.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Wired Charger
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_wired_charger_top.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Wired Charger
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enhanced_wireless_charger.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Wireless Charging Antenna
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enlightened_fused_glass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_exit_rail.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Exit Rail
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_experience_obelisk.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_farm_station.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Farming Station
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_cloud_seed.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud Seed
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_cloud_seed_concentrated.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_conductive_iron.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Conductive Iron
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_construction_alloy.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Iron Alloy
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_dark_steel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_electrical_steel.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrical Steel
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_end_steel.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Molten End Steel
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_ender.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Liquefied Ender Pearls
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_ender_distillation.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dew of the Void
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_energetic_alloy.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Energetic Alloy
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_fire_water.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Water
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_glowstone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glowgas
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_hootch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hootch
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_liquid_sunshine.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_nutrient_distillation.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_pulsating_iron.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pulsating Iron
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_redstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Redstone
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_redstone_alloy.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Redstone Alloy
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_rocket_fuel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_soularium.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Soularium
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_vapor_of_levity.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fluid.vapor_of_levity.name
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fluid_vibrant_alloy.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Vibrant Alloy
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_franken_zombie_generator.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Frank'n'Zombie Generator
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fused_glass.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_fused_quartz.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_gauge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Gauge
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_holier_fog.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Nano-Particles
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_holy_dark_fused_glass.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_holy_dark_fused_quartz.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_holy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_holy_fog.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Nano-Particles (old)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_holy_fused_glass.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_holy_fused_quartz.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_impulse_hopper.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_industrial_insulation.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Insulation
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_infinity.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block_infinity.name
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_infinity_fog.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Infinity Dust
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inhibitor_obelisk.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Inhibitor Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_chest_big.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Big Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_chest_enormous.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Enormous Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_chest_huge.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_chest_large.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Large Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_chest_medium.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Medium Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_chest_small.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Small Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_chest_tiny.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_chest_warehouse.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory System Storage Warehouse
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_chest_warehouse13.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory System Storage Extended Warehouse
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_panel.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Panel
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_inventory_panel_sensor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Sensor
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_killer_joe.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Killer Joe
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_lava_generator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lava Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_light_node.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block_light_node.name
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_machine_base.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT (technical block)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_machine_io.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT (technical block)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_niard.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT The Niard
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_normal_wireless_charger.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Charging Antenna
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_holy_dark_fused_glass.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_holy_dark_fused_quartz.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_holy_fused_glass.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_holy_fused_quartz.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_pasture_dark_fused_glass.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_pasture_dark_fused_quartz.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_pasture_fused_glass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_pasture_fused_quartz.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_unholy_dark_fused_glass.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_unholy_dark_fused_quartz.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_unholy_fused_glass.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_not_unholy_fused_quartz.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_omni_reservoir.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Omnivoir
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_carpet.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Carpet
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_door.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.block_painted_dark_steel_door.name
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_trapdoor.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Dark Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_double_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Slab
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_fence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Fence
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Gate
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_glowstone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_glowstone_solid.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_iron_door.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT item.block_painted_iron_door.name
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_iron_trapdoor.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_packed_ice.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_packed_ice_solid.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_redstone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Redstone
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_redstone_solid.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Redstone
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_reinforced_obsidian.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_reinforced_obsidian_nonsolid.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_sand.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Sand
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Slab
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_stair.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Stairs
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_stone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_stone_double_slab.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_stone_fence.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Stone Fence
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_stone_stair.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_wall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Wall
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_wooden_door.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT item.block_painted_wooden_door.name
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_wooden_trapdoor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painted_workbench.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Painted Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_painter.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Machine
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_pasture_dark_fused_glass.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_pasture_dark_fused_quartz.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_pasture_fused_glass.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_pasture_fused_quartz.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_power_monitor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Power Monitor
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_powered_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Spawner
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_reinforced_obsidian.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_relocator_obelisk.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Relocator Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_reservoir.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Endervoir
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_sag_mill.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT SAG Mill
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever10.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Self-resetting Lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever10i.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Self-resetting Lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever30.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Self-resetting Lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever300.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Self-resetting Lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever300i.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Self-resetting Lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever30i.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Self-resetting Lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever5.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Self-resetting Lever (5 seconds)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever5i.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Self-resetting Lever (5 seconds)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever60.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Self-resetting Lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever60i.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Inverted Self-resetting Lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_simple_alloy_smelter.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Simple Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_simple_crafter.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Simple Crafter
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_simple_furnace.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Simple Powered Furnace
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_simple_sag_mill.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Simple SAG Mill
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_simple_stirling_generator.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Simple Stirling Generator
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_simple_wired_charger.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Simple Wired Charger
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_slice_and_splice.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_solar_panel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_soul_binder.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Binder
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_stirling_generator.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stirling Generator
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_tank.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Tank
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_tele_pad.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Telepad Block
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_transceiver.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_travel_anchor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Travel Anchor
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_unholy_dark_fused_glass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_unholy_dark_fused_quartz.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_unholy_fused_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_unholy_fused_quartz.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fused Quartz
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_vacuum_chest.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_vat.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT The Vat
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_weather_obelisk.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_wired_charger.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wired Charger
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_wireless_charger.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Charger
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_wireless_charger_extension.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless Charging Antenna Extension
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_xp_vacuum.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT XP Vacuum
fe.protection.interact.enderio.block_zombie_generator.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Zombie Generator
fe.protection.interact.enderstorage.ender_storage.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ender_storage.name
fe.protection.interact.energyconverters.energy_bridge.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Bridge
fe.protection.interact.energyconverters.energy_consumer_eu.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.energy_consumer_eu.name
fe.protection.interact.energyconverters.energy_consumer_fe.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT FE Energy Consumer
fe.protection.interact.energyconverters.energy_consumer_mj.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT MJ Energy Consumer
fe.protection.interact.energyconverters.energy_consumer_rf.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT RF Energy Consumer
fe.protection.interact.energyconverters.energy_producer_eu.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.energy_producer_eu.name
fe.protection.interact.energyconverters.energy_producer_fe.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT FE Energy Producer
fe.protection.interact.energyconverters.energy_producer_mj.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT MJ Energy Producer
fe.protection.interact.energyconverters.energy_producer_rf.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT RF Energy Producer
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                             # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.eplus.advanced_table.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.eplus.decorative_book.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.eplus.decorative.book.name
fe.protection.interact.extrabees.alveary.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.extrabees.ectoplasm.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ectoplasm
fe.protection.interact.extrabees.hive.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.certustank.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.interact.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.interact.extracells.fluidfiller.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT ME Fluid Auto Filler
fe.protection.interact.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blast resistant ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.extracells.walrus.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Walrus
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.advanced_fuel_loader.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Fuel Loader
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.advanced_launch_pad.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.advanced_launch_pad_full.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.advanced_oxygen_compressor.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.advanced_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.advanced_refinery.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Refinery
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ash_rock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.basic_chemical_injector.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Chemical Injector
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.basic_crystallizer.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Crystallizer
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.basic_decontamination_unit.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Decontamination Unit
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.basic_decontamination_unit_fake_block.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Decontamination Unit
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.basic_decrystallizer.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Decrystallizer
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.basic_densifier.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Densifier
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.basic_purifier.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Purifier
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.basic_smasher.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Block Smasher
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.basic_solar_evaporation_chamber.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Solar Evaporation Chamber
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.block_multi.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.cake_blocks.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cake_blocks.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.callisto.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.callisto.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.callisto_gravel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Callisto Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.candy_blocks.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.candy_blocks.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.candy_blocks_horizontal.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.candy_blocks_horizontal.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ceres.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ceres.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ceres_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_stone_bricks.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_sub_surface.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_surface.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ceres Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.clean_water.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Clean Water
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.coal_grit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Grit
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.decorative_blocks.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.decorative_blocks.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.decorative_blocks2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.decorative_blocks2.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.deimos.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.deimos.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.deimos_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Deimos Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.dense_ice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Ice
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.diamond_grit.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Grit
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.emerald_grit.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Grit
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.eris.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.eris.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.eris_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Eris Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.eris_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boss_spawner_eris.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.eris_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Eris Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.eris_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Eris Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.eris_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Eris Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.eris_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Eris Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.europa.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.europa.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.europa_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Europa Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.fire_bomb.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Bomb
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.fossil.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fossil Block
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.frozen_nitrogen.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Nitrogen
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.frozen_water.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Frozen Water
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ganymede.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ganymede.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ganymede_gravel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ganymede Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.gold_grit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Grit
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.iapetus.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iapetus.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.iapetus_gravel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iapetus Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.infected_water.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Infected Water
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.io.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.io.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.io_gravel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Io Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.iron_grit.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Grit
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.jupiter.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jupiter.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.jupiter_gravel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.jupiter_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boss_spawner_jupiter.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_stone_bricks.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_sub_surface.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_surface.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Jupiter Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_blue_grass.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Blue Grass
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_flowers.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_flowers.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_grass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Grass
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_infected_grass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Infected Grass
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_logs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_maple_logs.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_logs2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_maple_logs2.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_saplings.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_planks.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kepler22b_planks.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_purple_grass.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Purple Grass
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_red_grass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Red Grass
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.kepler22b_yellow_grass.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Kepler 22b Yellow Grass
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.liquid_caramel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Caramel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.liquid_chocolate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Chocolate
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.liquid_hydrocarbon.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Hydrocarbon
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.magma.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Magma
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.mercury.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mercury.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.mercury_gravel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.mercury_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boss_spawner_mercury.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_stone_bricks.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_sub_surface.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_surface.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mercury Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.methane.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Methane
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.neptune.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.neptune.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.neptune_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boss_spawner_neptune.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_stone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Neptune Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_stone_bricks.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Neptune Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_sub_surface.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Neptune Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_surface.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Neptune Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.nitrogen.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.nitrogen_ice.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Nitrogen Ice
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.nuclear_bomb.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nuclear Bomb
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.oberon.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oberon.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.oberon_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oberon Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.orange_sand.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sand
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.orange_sandstone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.phobos.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.phobos.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.phobos_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Phobos Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.pluto.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pluto.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.pluto_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.pluto_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boss_spawner_pluto.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_stone_bricks.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_sub_surface.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_surface.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pluto Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.potash.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Potash
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.radioactive_water.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Radioactive Water
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.red_sand.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sand
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.red_sandstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.rhea.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rhea.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.rhea_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rhea Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.salt.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Crystallized Water
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.saturn.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.saturn.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.saturn_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.saturn_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boss_spawner_saturn.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_stone_bricks.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_sub_surface.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_surface.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Saturn Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.solar.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solar.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.titan.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.titan.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.titan_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Titan Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.titania.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.titania.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.titania_gravel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Titania Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t10.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 10 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t4.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 4 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t5.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 5 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t6.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 6 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t7.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 7 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t8.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 8 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t9.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 9 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.triton.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.triton.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.triton_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Triton Gravel
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ultimate_fuel_loader.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ultimate Fuel Loader
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.ultimate_refinery.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ultimate Refinery
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.uranus.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.uranus.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.uranus_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boss_spawner_uranus.name
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Uranus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_stone_bricks.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Uranus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_sub_surface.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Uranus Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_surface.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Uranus Surface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.vehicle_charger.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Vehicle Charger
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.volcanic_rock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.interact.extraplanets.white_sugar_cane.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT White Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.beer.ale.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ale
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.beer.corn.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Corn Beer
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.beer.lager.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lager
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.beer.rye.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rye Beer
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.beer.stout.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stout
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.beer.wheat.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wheat Beer
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.brandy.apple.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Brandy
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.brandy.apricot.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Brandy
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.brandy.cherry.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Brandy
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.brandy.citrus.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Citrus Brandy
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.brandy.elderberry.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Elderberry Brandy
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.brandy.fruit.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Brandy
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.brandy.grape.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brandy
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.brandy.pear.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Brandy
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.brandy.plum.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Brandy
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.cider.apple.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cider
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.cider.peach.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Cider
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.ciderpear.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Cider
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.fermented.potatoes.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fermented Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.apple.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.apricot.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.banana.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.carrot.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.cherry.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.cranberry.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.elderberry.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Elderberry Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.grapefruit.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.lemon.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.lime.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.olive.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Olive Oil
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.orange.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.peach.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.pear.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.pineapple.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.plum.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.red.grape.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Red Grape Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.tomato.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tomato Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.juice.white.grape.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT White Grape Juice
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.latex.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Latex
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.almond.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Almond Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.anise.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Anise Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.banana.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.blackberry.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blackberry Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.blackcurrant.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blackcurrant Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.cherry.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.chocolate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.cinnamon.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.coffee.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.hazelnut.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hazelnut Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.herbal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Herbal Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.lemon.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.melon.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Melon Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.mint.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mint Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.orange.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.peach.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.raspberry.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Raspberry Liqueur
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liquor.apple.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Liquor
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liquor.apricot.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Liquor
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liquor.cherry.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Liquor
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liquor.elderberry.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Elderberry Liquor
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liquor.fruit.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Liquor
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.liquor.pear.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Liquor
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.mash.corn.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fermented Corn Mash
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.mash.grain.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fermented Grain Mash
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.mash.rye.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fermented Rye Mash
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.mash.wheat.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fermented Wheat Mash
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.resin.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Resin
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.rum.dark.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Rum
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.rum.white.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT White Rum
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.sap.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sap
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.spirit.gin.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Gin
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.spirit.neutral.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Neutral Spirit
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.spirit.sugarcane.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cachaca
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.tequila.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tequila
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.turpentine.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Turpentine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.vodka.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Vodka
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Whiskey
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.corn.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bourbon
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.rye.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rye Whiskey
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.wheat.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wheat Whiskey
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.agave.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Agave Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.apricot.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.banana.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.carrot.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.cherry.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.citrus.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Citrus Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.cranberry.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cranberry Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.elderberry.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Elderberry Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.fortified.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fortified Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.pineapple.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.plum.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.red.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Red Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.sparkling.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sparkling Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.tomato.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tomato Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.binnie.wine.white.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT White Wine
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.carpentry.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.carpentrypanel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.alder.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.alder.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.apple.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.apple.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.ash.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.ash.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.banana.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.banana.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.beech.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.beech.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.box.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.box.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.brazilwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.butternut.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.butternut.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.cedar.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.cedar.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.cypress.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.cypress.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.elder.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.elder.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.elm.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.elm.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.eucalyptus.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.fig.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.fig.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.fir.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.fir.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.gingko.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.gingko.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.hawthorn.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.hazel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.hazel.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.hemlock.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.hemlock.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.hickory.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.hickory.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.holly.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.holly.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.hornbeam.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.iroko.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.iroko.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.locust.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.locust.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.logwood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.logwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.maclura.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.maclura.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.olive.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.olive.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.pear.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.pear.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.pinkivory.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.purpleheart.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.rosewood.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.rosewood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.rowan.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.rowan.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.sweetgum.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.syzgium.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.syzgium.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.whitebeam.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.doors.yew.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.doors.yew.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.alder.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.alder.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.apple.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.apple.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.ash.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.ash.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.banana.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.banana.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.beech.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.beech.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.box.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.box.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.brazilwood.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.butternut.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.butternut.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.cedar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.cedar.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.cypress.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.cypress.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.elder.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.elder.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.elm.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.elm.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.eucalyptus.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fig.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fig.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fir.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fir.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.alder.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.alder.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.apple.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.apple.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.ash.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.ash.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.banana.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.banana.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.beech.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.beech.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.box.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.box.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.brazilwood.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.butternut.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.butternut.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.cedar.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.cedar.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.cypress.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.cypress.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.elder.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.elder.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.elm.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.elm.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.eucalyptus.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.fig.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.fig.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.fir.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.fir.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.gingko.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.gingko.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hawthorn.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hazel.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hazel.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hemlock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hemlock.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hickory.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hickory.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.holly.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.holly.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hornbeam.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.iroko.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.iroko.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.locust.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.locust.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.logwood.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.logwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.maclura.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.maclura.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.olive.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.olive.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.pear.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.pear.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.pinkivory.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.purpleheart.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.rosewood.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.rosewood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.rowan.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.rowan.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.sweetgum.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.syzgium.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.syzgium.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.whitebeam.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.yew.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.fireproof.yew.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.gingko.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.gingko.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.hawthorn.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.hazel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.hazel.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.hemlock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.hemlock.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.hickory.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.hickory.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.holly.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.holly.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.hornbeam.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.iroko.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.iroko.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.locust.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.locust.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.logwood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.logwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.maclura.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.maclura.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.olive.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.olive.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.pear.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.pear.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.pinkivory.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.purpleheart.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.rosewood.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.rosewood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.rowan.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.rowan.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.sweetgum.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.syzgium.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.syzgium.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.whitebeam.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fence.gates.yew.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fence.gates.yew.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fences.0.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fences.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fences.1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fences.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fences.2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fences.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fences.fireproof.0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fences.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fences.fireproof.1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fences.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.fences.fireproof.2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fences.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.hops.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hops.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.decorative.0.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.decorative.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.decorative.1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.decorative.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.decorative.2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.decorative.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.decorative.3.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.decorative.3.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.decorative.4.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.decorative.4.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.decorative.5.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.decorative.5.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.decorative.6.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.decorative.6.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.0.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.10.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.10.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.11.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.11.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.12.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.12.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.13.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.13.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.14.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.14.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.15.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.15.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.16.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.16.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.17.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.17.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.18.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.18.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.19.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.19.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.20.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.20.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.21.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.21.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.22.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.22.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.23.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.23.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.24.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.24.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.3.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.4.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.5.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.6.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.7.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.8.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.9.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.9.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.0.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.10.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.10.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.11.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.11.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.12.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.12.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.13.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.13.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.14.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.14.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.3.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.4.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.5.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.6.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.7.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.8.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.9.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves.default.9.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.3.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.3.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.4.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.4.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.5.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.5.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.6.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.6.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.7.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.7.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.8.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.8.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.9.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.9.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.fireproof.0.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.fireproof.1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.fireproof.2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.fireproof.3.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.fireproof.4.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.fireproof.5.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.fireproof.5.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.fireproof.6.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.fireproof.6.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.fireproof.7.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.fireproof.7.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.fireproof.8.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.fireproof.8.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.logs.fireproof.9.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logs.fireproof.9.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.machine.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.multifence.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.planks.0.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.planks.1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.planks.2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.planks.fireproof.0.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.planks.fireproof.1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.planks.fireproof.2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.shrub_log.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shrub_log.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.0.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.3.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.4.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.4.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.double.0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.double.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.double.1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.double.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.double.2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.double.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.double.3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.double.3.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.double.4.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.double.4.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.0.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.3.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.4.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.0.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.fireproof.double.0.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.fireproof.double.1.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.fireproof.double.2.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.3.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.fireproof.double.3.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.4.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slabs.fireproof.double.4.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stainedglass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.alder.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.alder.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.apple.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.apple.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.ash.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.ash.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.banana.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.banana.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.beech.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.beech.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.box.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.box.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.brazilwood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.butternut.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.butternut.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.cedar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.cedar.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.cypress.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.cypress.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.elder.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.elder.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.elm.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.elm.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.eucalyptus.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fig.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fig.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fir.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fir.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.alder.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.alder.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.apple.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.apple.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.ash.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.ash.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.banana.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.banana.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.beech.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.beech.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.box.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.box.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.brazilwood.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.butternut.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.butternut.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.cedar.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.cedar.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.cypress.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.cypress.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.elder.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.elder.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.elm.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.elm.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.eucalyptus.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.fig.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.fig.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.fir.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.fir.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.gingko.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.gingko.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hawthorn.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hazel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.hazel.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hemlock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.hemlock.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hickory.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.hickory.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.holly.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.holly.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hornbeam.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.iroko.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.iroko.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.locust.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.locust.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.logwood.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.logwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.maclura.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.maclura.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.olive.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.olive.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.pear.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.pear.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.pinkivory.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.purpleheart.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.rosewood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.rosewood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.rowan.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.rowan.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.sweetgum.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.syzgium.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.syzgium.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.whitebeam.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.yew.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.fireproof.yew.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.gingko.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.gingko.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.hawthorn.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.hazel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.hazel.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.hemlock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.hemlock.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.hickory.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.hickory.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.holly.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.holly.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.hornbeam.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.iroko.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.iroko.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.locust.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.locust.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.logwood.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.logwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.maclura.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.maclura.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.olive.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.olive.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.pear.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.pear.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.pinkivory.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.purpleheart.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.rosewood.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.rosewood.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.rowan.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.rowan.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.sweetgum.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.syzgium.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.syzgium.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.whitebeam.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.interact.extratrees.stairs.yew.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stairs.yew.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.analogcrafter.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Analog Crafter
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.angelblock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Angel Block
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.chunkloader.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chunk Loading Ward
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.compressedcobblestone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:compressedcobblestone.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.compresseddirt.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:compresseddirt.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.compressedgravel.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:compressedgravel.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.compressednetherrack.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:compressednetherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.compressedsand.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:compressedsand.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.crafter.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mechanical Crafter
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.creativechest.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Chest
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.creativeenergy.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Energy Source
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.creativeharvest.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Harvest
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.cursedearth.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cursed Earth
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.decorativebedrock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:decorativebedrock.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.decorativeglass.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:decorativeglass.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.decorativesolid.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:decorativesolid.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.decorativesolidwood.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:decorativesolidwood.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.drum.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Drum
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.enderlilly.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Lilly
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.indexer.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Indexer
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.ineffableglass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:ineffableglass.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.interactionproxy.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Porcupine
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.ironwood_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:ironwood_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.ironwood_log.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:ironwood_log.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.ironwood_planks.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:ironwood_planks.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.ironwood_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:ironwood_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.klein.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Klein Bottle
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.largishchest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Slightly-Larger Chest
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.machine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Machine
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.miner.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mechanical Miner
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.minichest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mini Chest
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.moonstone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Stone
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.opinium.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:opinium.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.passivegenerator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:passivegenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.pipe.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.pipe_1.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.pipe_2.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.pipe_3.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.playerchest.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Player Chest
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.powerbattery.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless RF Battery
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.poweroverload.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Power Overload
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.powertransmitter.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wireless RF Transmitter
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.quarry.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Quarry
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.quarryproxy.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Quarry Actuator
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.rainbowgenerator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:rainbowgenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.redorchid.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Orchid
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.redstoneclock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Clock
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.redstonelantern.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lantern
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.resonator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Resonator
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.scanner.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Scanner
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.screen.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Screen
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.simpledecorative.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:simpledecorative.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.spike_creative.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Spikes
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.spike_diamond.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Spikes
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.spike_gold.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Spikes
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.spike_iron.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Spikes
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.spike_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Spikes
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.spike_wood.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Spikes
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.spotlight.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spotlight
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.supermobspawner.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Resturbed Mob Spawner
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.teleporter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:teleporter.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.terraformer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.extrautils2:terraformer.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.transferholder.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ExtraUtils2:pipe.pipe.container.name
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.trashcan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Can
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.trashcanenergy.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Can (Energy)
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.trashcanfluid.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Can (Fluid)
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.trashchest.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Trash Chest
fe.protection.interact.extrautils2.user.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mechanical User
fe.protection.interact.fairylights.fastener.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fastener.name
fe.protection.interact.forbiddenmagicre.arcane_cake.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Cake
fe.protection.interact.forbiddenmagicre.black_rose.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rose
fe.protection.interact.forbiddenmagicre.black_rose_bush.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Umbral Rosebush
fe.protection.interact.forbiddenmagicre.leaves_tainted.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.interact.forbiddenmagicre.log_tainted.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Log
fe.protection.interact.forbiddenmagicre.sapling_tainted.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.interact.forbiddenmagicre.taint_planks.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Plank
fe.protection.interact.forbiddenmagicre.tainted_brick.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Brick
fe.protection.interact.forbiddenmagicre.tainted_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Stone
fe.protection.interact.forbiddenmagicre.wrath_cage.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wrath Cage
fe.protection.interact.forestry.alveary.fan.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Alveary Fan
fe.protection.interact.forestry.alveary.heater.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Alveary Heater
fe.protection.interact.forestry.alveary.hygro.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Alveary Hygroregulator
fe.protection.interact.forestry.alveary.plain.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Alveary
fe.protection.interact.forestry.alveary.sieve.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Alveary Sieve
fe.protection.interact.forestry.alveary.stabiliser.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Alveary Stabiliser
fe.protection.interact.forestry.alveary.swarmer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Alveary Swarmer
fe.protection.interact.forestry.analyzer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.forestry.apiary.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apiary
fe.protection.interact.forestry.arboretum.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arboretum
fe.protection.interact.forestry.ash_block_0.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.forestry.ash_block_1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.forestry.ash_block_2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.forestry.ash_block_3.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.forestry.ash_brick.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Bricks
fe.protection.interact.forestry.ash_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.forestry.bee_chest.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Apiarist's Chest
fe.protection.interact.forestry.bee_combs_0.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.bee_combs.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.bee_combs_1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.bee_combs.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.bee_house.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Bee House
fe.protection.interact.forestry.beehives.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.bog_earth.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.bog_earth.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.bottler.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bottler
fe.protection.interact.forestry.butterfly_chest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lepidopterist's Chest
fe.protection.interact.forestry.candle.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.carpenter.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Carpenter
fe.protection.interact.forestry.centrifuge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Centrifuge
fe.protection.interact.forestry.charcoal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.forestry.climatiser.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.climatiser.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.cocoon.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.cocoon.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.cocoon.solid.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.cocoon.solid.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.database.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Database
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.acacia.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.acacia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.balsa.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.balsa.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.baobab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.baobab.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.cherry.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.cherry.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.chestnut.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.chestnut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.citrus.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.citrus.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.cocobolo.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.ebony.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.ebony.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.giganteum.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.giganteum.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.greenheart.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.greenheart.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.ipe.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.ipe.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.kapok.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.kapok.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.larch.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.larch.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.lime.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.lime.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.mahoe.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.mahoe.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.mahogany.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.mahogany.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.maple.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.maple.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.padauk.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.padauk.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.palm.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.palm.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.papaya.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.papaya.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.pine.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.pine.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.plum.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.plum.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.poplar.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.poplar.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.sequoia.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.sequoia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.teak.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.teak.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.walnut.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.walnut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.wenge.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.wenge.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.willow.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.willow.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.doors.zebrawood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.for.doors.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.engine_biogas.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Biogas Engine
fe.protection.interact.forestry.engine_clockwork.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Clockwork Engine
fe.protection.interact.forestry.engine_electrical.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Electrical Engine
fe.protection.interact.forestry.engine_generator.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Bio Generator
fe.protection.interact.forestry.engine_peat.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Peat-fired Engine
fe.protection.interact.forestry.escritoire.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Escritoire
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fabricator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Thermionic Fabricator
fe.protection.interact.forestry.farm_crops.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Farm
fe.protection.interact.forestry.farm_ender.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Farm
fe.protection.interact.forestry.farm_gourd.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gourd Farm
fe.protection.interact.forestry.farm_mushroom.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom Farm
fe.protection.interact.forestry.farm_nether.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Farm
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.acacia.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.acacia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.balsa.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.balsa.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.baobab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.baobab.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.cherry.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.cherry.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.chestnut.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.chestnut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.citrus.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.citrus.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.cocobolo.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.ebony.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.ebony.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.acacia.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.balsa.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.balsa.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.baobab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.baobab.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.cherry.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.cherry.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.chestnut.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.chestnut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.citrus.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.citrus.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.cocobolo.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.ebony.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.ebony.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.giganteum.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.giganteum.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.greenheart.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.greenheart.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.ipe.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.ipe.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.kapok.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.kapok.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.larch.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.larch.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.lime.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.lime.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.mahoe.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.mahoe.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.mahogany.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.mahogany.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.maple.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.maple.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.padauk.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.padauk.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.palm.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.palm.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.papaya.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.papaya.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.pine.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.pine.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.plum.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.plum.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.poplar.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.poplar.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.sequoia.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.sequoia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.teak.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.teak.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.walnut.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.walnut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.wenge.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.wenge.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.willow.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.willow.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.zebrawood.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.giganteum.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.giganteum.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.greenheart.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.greenheart.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.ipe.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.ipe.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.kapok.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.kapok.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.larch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.larch.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.lime.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.lime.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.mahoe.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.mahoe.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.mahogany.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.mahogany.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.maple.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.maple.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.padauk.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.padauk.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.palm.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.palm.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.papaya.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.papaya.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.pine.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.pine.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.plum.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.plum.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.poplar.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.poplar.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.sequoia.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.sequoia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.teak.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.teak.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.birch.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.birch.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.oak.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.walnut.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.walnut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.wenge.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.wenge.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.willow.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.willow.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fence.gates.zebrawood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fence.gates.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fences.0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fences.1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fences.fireproof.0.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fences.fireproof.1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fences.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.fences.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fermenter.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Fermenter
fe.protection.interact.forestry.ffarm.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fluid.bio.ethanol.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ethanol
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Biomass
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fluid.for.honey.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Honey
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fluid.glass.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Glass
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fluid.ice.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crushed Ice
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fluid.juice.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Juice
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fluid.milk.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fluid.seed.oil.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Oil
fe.protection.interact.forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Short Mead
fe.protection.interact.forestry.genetic_filter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Filter
fe.protection.interact.forestry.greenhouse.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.greenhouse.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.greenhouse.window.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Greenhouse Window
fe.protection.interact.forestry.greenhouse.window_up.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Greenhouse Roof Window
fe.protection.interact.forestry.habitat_former.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Habitat Former
fe.protection.interact.forestry.humus.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Humus
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.decorative.0.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.decorative.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.decorative.1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.decorative.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.decorative.2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.decorative.2.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.4.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.5.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.6.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.7.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.8.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.fruit.0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.fruit.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.leaves.default.fruit.1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.leaves.default.fruit.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.loam.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Loam
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.2.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.3.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.4.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.5.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.5.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.6.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.6.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.7.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.7.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.fireproof.0.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.fireproof.1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.fireproof.2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.fireproof.3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.fireproof.4.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.fireproof.5.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.fireproof.5.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.fireproof.6.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.fireproof.6.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.fireproof.7.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.fireproof.7.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.logs.vanilla.fireproof.1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.logs.vanilla.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.mailbox.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mailbox
fe.protection.interact.forestry.moistener.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Moistener
fe.protection.interact.forestry.mushroom.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.peat_bog.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Peat Bog
fe.protection.interact.forestry.planks.0.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.planks.1.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.planks.fireproof.0.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.planks.fireproof.1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.planks.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.planks.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.pods.banana.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.banana.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.pods.cocoa.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.cocoa.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.pods.coconut.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.coconut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.pods.dates.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.dates.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.pods.papaya.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.papaya.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.pods.plantain.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.plantain.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.pods.red_banana.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.pods.red_banana.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.rainmaker.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rainmaker
fe.protection.interact.forestry.raintank.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rain Tank
fe.protection.interact.forestry.resource_storage.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resource_storage.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.resources.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.sapling_ge.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.sapling_ge.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.2.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.3.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.double.0.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.double.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.double.1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.double.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.double.2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.double.2.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.double.3.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.double.3.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.0.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.3.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.fireproof.2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.fireproof.3.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.vanilla.double.fireproof.0.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.vanilla.double.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.slabs.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.slabs.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.squeezer.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Squeezer
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.acacia.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.acacia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.balsa.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.balsa.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.baobab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.baobab.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.cherry.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.cherry.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.chestnut.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.chestnut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.citrus.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.citrus.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.cocobolo.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.ebony.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.ebony.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.acacia.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.balsa.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.balsa.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.baobab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.baobab.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.cherry.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.cherry.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.chestnut.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.chestnut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.citrus.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.citrus.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.cocobolo.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.ebony.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.ebony.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.giganteum.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.giganteum.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.greenheart.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.greenheart.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.ipe.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.ipe.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.kapok.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.kapok.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.larch.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.larch.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.lime.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.lime.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.mahoe.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.mahoe.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.mahogany.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.mahogany.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.maple.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.maple.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.padauk.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.padauk.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.palm.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.palm.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.papaya.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.papaya.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.pine.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.pine.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.plum.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.plum.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.poplar.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.poplar.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.sequoia.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.sequoia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.teak.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.teak.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.walnut.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.walnut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.wenge.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.wenge.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.willow.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.willow.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.fireproof.zebrawood.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.fireproof.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.giganteum.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.giganteum.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.greenheart.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.greenheart.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.ipe.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.ipe.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.kapok.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.kapok.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.larch.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.larch.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.lime.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.lime.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.mahoe.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.mahoe.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.mahogany.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.mahogany.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.maple.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.maple.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.padauk.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.padauk.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.palm.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.palm.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.papaya.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.papaya.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.pine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.pine.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.plum.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.plum.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.poplar.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.poplar.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.sequoia.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.sequoia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.teak.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.teak.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.birch.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.birch.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.oak.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.walnut.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.walnut.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.wenge.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.wenge.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.willow.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.willow.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stairs.zebrawood.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.for.stairs.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stamp_collector.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stamp Collector
fe.protection.interact.forestry.still.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Still
fe.protection.interact.forestry.stump.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Candle Stump
fe.protection.interact.forestry.trade_station.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Trade Station
fe.protection.interact.forestry.tree_chest.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Arborist's Chest
fe.protection.interact.forestry.wood_pile.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Pile
fe.protection.interact.forestry.wood_pile_decorative.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Decorative Wood Pile
fe.protection.interact.forestry.worktable.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Worktable
fe.protection.interact.forgemultipartcbe.multipart_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.booster.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Booster
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame_0.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame_1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame_2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame_3.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Block
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.frame_projector.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Projector
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.mass_frame_corner.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Super-Frame Corner
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.mass_frame_edge.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Super-Frame Edge
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Slider
fe.protection.interact.funkylocomotion.teleporter.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Frame Teleporter
fe.protection.interact.galacticcomputers.sealed_cable.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sealable Cable
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.air_lock_frame.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.air_lock_seal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.aluminum_wire.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.aluminum_wire.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.arclamp.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Arc Lamp
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.basic_block_core.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.basic_block_core.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.basic_block_moon.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.basic_block_moon.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.block_multi.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.boss_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boss_spawner.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.breatheable_air.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.breatheable_air.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.bright_air.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bright_air.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.bright_breathable_air.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bright_breathable_air.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.cargo.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.cheese.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Cheese
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.collector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.compact_workbench.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Compact NASA Workbench
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.concealed_detector.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Player Detector
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.concealed_redstone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hidden Redstone Wire
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.concealed_repeater.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.concealed_repeater_pow.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.dishbase.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Communications Dish
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.distributor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.emergency_box.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Emergency Post
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.enclosed.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.fallen_meteor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.fluid_pipe.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.fluid_pipe_pull.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.fluid_tank.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Tank
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.fuel.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gasoline
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.fuel_loader.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fuel Loader
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.glowstone_torch.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating10.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating100.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating101.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating102.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating103.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating104.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating105.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating106.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating107.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating108.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating109.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating11.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating110.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating111.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating112.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating113.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating114.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating115.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating116.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating117.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating118.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating119.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating12.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating120.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating121.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating122.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating123.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating124.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating125.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating126.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating127.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating128.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating129.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating13.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating130.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating131.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating132.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating133.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating134.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating135.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating136.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating137.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating138.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating139.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating14.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating140.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating141.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating142.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating143.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating144.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating145.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating146.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating147.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating148.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating149.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating15.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating150.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating151.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating152.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating153.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating154.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating155.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating156.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating157.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating158.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating159.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating16.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating160.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating161.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating162.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating163.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating164.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating165.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating166.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating167.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating168.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating169.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating17.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating170.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating171.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating172.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating173.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating174.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating175.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating176.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating177.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating178.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating179.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating18.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating180.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating181.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating182.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating183.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating184.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating185.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating186.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating187.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating188.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating189.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating19.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating190.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating191.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating192.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating193.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating194.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating195.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating196.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating197.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating198.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating199.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating20.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating200.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating201.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating202.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating203.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating204.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating205.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating206.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating207.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating208.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating209.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating21.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating210.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating211.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating212.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating213.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating214.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating215.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating216.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating217.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating218.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating219.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating22.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating220.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating221.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating222.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating223.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating224.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating225.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating226.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating227.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating228.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating229.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating23.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating230.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating231.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating232.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating233.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating234.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating235.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating236.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating237.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating238.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating239.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating24.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating240.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating241.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating242.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating243.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating244.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating245.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating246.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating247.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating248.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating249.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating25.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating250.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating251.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating252.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating253.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating254.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating255.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating256.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating257.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating258.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating259.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating26.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating260.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating261.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating262.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating263.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating264.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating265.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating266.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating267.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating268.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating269.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating27.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating270.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating271.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating272.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating273.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating274.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating275.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating276.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating277.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating278.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating279.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating28.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating280.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating281.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating282.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating283.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating284.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating285.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating286.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating287.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating288.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating289.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating29.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating290.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating291.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating292.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating293.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating294.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating295.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating296.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating297.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating298.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating299.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating30.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating300.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating301.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating302.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating303.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating304.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating305.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating306.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating307.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating308.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating309.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating31.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating310.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating311.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating312.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating313.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating314.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating315.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating316.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating317.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating318.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating319.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating32.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating320.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating321.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating322.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating323.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating324.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating325.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating326.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating327.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating328.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating329.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating33.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating330.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating331.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating332.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating333.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating334.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating335.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating336.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating337.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating338.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating339.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating34.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating340.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating341.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating342.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating343.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating344.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating345.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating346.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating347.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating348.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating349.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating35.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating350.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating351.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating352.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating353.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating354.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating355.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating356.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating357.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating358.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating359.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating36.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating360.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating361.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating362.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating363.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating364.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating365.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating366.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating367.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating368.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating369.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating37.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating370.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating371.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating372.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating373.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating374.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating375.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating376.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating377.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating378.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating379.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating38.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating380.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating381.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating382.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating383.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating384.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating385.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating386.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating387.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating388.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating39.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating4.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating40.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating41.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating42.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating43.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating44.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating45.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating46.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating47.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating48.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating49.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating5.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating50.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating51.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating52.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating53.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating54.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating55.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating56.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating57.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating58.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating59.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating6.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating60.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating61.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating62.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating63.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating64.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating65.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating66.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating67.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating68.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating69.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating7.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating70.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating71.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating72.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating73.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating74.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating75.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating76.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating77.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating78.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating79.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating8.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating80.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating81.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating82.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating83.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating84.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating85.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating86.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating87.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating88.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating89.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating9.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating90.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating91.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating92.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating93.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating94.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating95.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating96.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating97.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating98.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.grating99.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grating
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.landing_pad.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.landing_pad.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.landing_pad_full.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.machine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.machine2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.machine3.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine3.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.machine4.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine4.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.machine_tiered.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.machine_tiered.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.magnetic_table.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Magnetic Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.moon_stairs_brick.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.moon_stairs_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.oxygen_compressor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.oxygen_detector.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.panel_lighting.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.panel_lighting.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.parachest.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Parachest
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.platform.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hydraulic Platform
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.refinery.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.rocket_workbench.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT NASA Workbench
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.sealer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.slab_gc_double.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_gc_double.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.slab_gc_half.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_gc_half.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.solar.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solar.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.space_glass_clear.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Glass (Clear)
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.space_glass_clear_tin.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.space_glass_clear_tin.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.space_glass_strong.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Glass (Strong)
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.space_glass_strong_tin.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.space_glass_strong_tin.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.space_glass_vanilla.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Glass
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.space_glass_vanilla_tin.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.space_glass_vanilla_tin.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.space_station_base.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Space Station Arrival Block
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.spin_thruster.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spin Thruster
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.telemetry.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.tin_stairs_1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.tin_stairs_2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.treasure_chest.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_lit.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Torch
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_stone_lit.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Torch
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.view_screen.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Display Screen
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftcore.wall_gc.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wall_gc.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.asteroids_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.asteroids_block.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.beam_receiver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.beam_reflector.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.boss_spawner_mars.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boss_spawner_mars.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.boss_spawner_venus.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.boss_spawner_venus.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.cavern_vines.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.crashed_probe.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crashed Probe
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.creeper_egg.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Creeper Egg
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.dense_ice.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Ice
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.geothermal_generator.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Geothermal Generator
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.laser_turret.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Laser Turret
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.mars.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mars.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.mars_machine.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mars_machine.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.mars_machine_t2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mars_machine_t2.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.mars_stairs_brick.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.mars_stairs_cobblestone.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.miner_base.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.miner_base_full.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.slimeling_egg.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slimeling_egg.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.sludge.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sludge
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.solar_array_controller.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Solar Array Controller
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.solar_array_module.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Solar Array Module
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.spacewart.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spacewart.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.spout.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Vapor Spout
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.sulphuric_acid.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.telepad_fake.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.telepad_fake.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.telepad_short.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.treasure_t2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.treasure_t3.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.venus.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.venus.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.venus_rock_scorched.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Scorched Venus Rock
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.walkway.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.walkway.name
fe.protection.interact.galacticraftplanets.web_torch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.web_torch.name
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.extractor.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT DNA Extractor
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.imprinter.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.industrial_apiary.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.liquiddna.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid DNA
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.liquifier.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.mutagen.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.mutagen_producer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.mutatron.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.mutatron_advanced.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced mutatron
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.protein.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Protein
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.replicator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.sampler.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.interact.gendustry.transposer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.interact.genetics.adv_machine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.genetics.binnie.bacteria.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteria.name
fe.protection.interact.genetics.binnie.bacteria.poly.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteriapoly.name
fe.protection.interact.genetics.binnie.bacteria.vector.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteriavector.name
fe.protection.interact.genetics.binnie.dna.raw.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.rawdna.name
fe.protection.interact.genetics.binnie.growth.medium.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.growthmedium.name
fe.protection.interact.genetics.lab_machine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.genetics.machine.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.rope_fence.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rope
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.rope_knot.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Knot
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.rope_knot_acacia.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.rope_knot_birch.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.rope_knot_dark_oak.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.rope_knot_jungle.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.rope_knot_nether_brick.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.rope_knot_oak.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.rope_knot_spruce.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.salt_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rock Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft.salt_ore.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rock Salt Ore
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_door.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT item.apple_door.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_fence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Fence
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Leaves
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_log.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Wood
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_planks.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.apple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_slab_half.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.apple_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_ethereal.*         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_ethereal.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_extended.*         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_fermented.*        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_fermented.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_intoxicated.*      # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_poisoned.*         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_poisoned.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_potent.*           # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_potent.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_potentextended.*   # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_potentextended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_juice.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_apple_juice.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_apples.rope_knot_apple.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_door.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT item.bamboo_door.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_plank.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Planks
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_shoot.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_slab_half.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stalk.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bamboo.rope_knot_bamboo.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.beebox.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bee Box
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.beehive.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Beehive
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.fluid_honey.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_honey.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_ethereal.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_mead_ethereal.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_extended.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_mead_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_fermented.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_mead_fermented.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_hyperextended.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_mead_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_intoxicated.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_mead_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_poisoned.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_mead_poisoned.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_potent.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_mead_potent.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_potentextended.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_mead_potentextended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_young.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_mead_young.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_cellar.brew_kettle.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brew Kettle
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_cellar.cork_leaves.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cork Leaves
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_cellar.cork_log.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cork Wood
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_cellar.cork_log_stripped.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cork Wood (Stripped)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_cellar.cork_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cork_sapling.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_cellar.culture_jar.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Culture Jar
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_cellar.ferment_barrel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_cellar.fruit_press.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fruit Press
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_cellar.fruit_presser.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fruit_presser.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fishtrap (Deprecated)
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_acacia.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fishtrap
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_apple.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fishtrap
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_bamboo.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fishtrap
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_birch.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fishtrap
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_darkoak.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fishtrap
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_jungle.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fishtrap
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_oak.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fishtrap
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_spruce.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fishtrap
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_ambrosia.*               # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_green_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_juice.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_green_juice.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_portwine.*               # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_green_portwine.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_extended.*          # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_intoxicated.*       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_poisoned.*          # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_potent.*            # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_ambrosia.*              # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_purple_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_juice.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_purple_juice.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_portwine.*              # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_purple_portwine.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_extended.*         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_intoxicated.*      # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_poisoned.*         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_potent.*           # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_ambrosia.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_red_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_juice.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_red_juice.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_portwine.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_red_portwine.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_extended.*            # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_intoxicated.*         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_poisoned.*            # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_potent.*              # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_fruit.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.native_grape_fruit.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine0.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.native_grape_vine0.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.native_grape_vine1.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine_leaves.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.native_grape_vine_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_extended.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_hyperextended.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_intoxicated.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_lager.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_lager.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_normal.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_normal.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_poisoned.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_poisoned.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_potent.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_potent.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_unhopped.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_unhopped.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_young.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_young.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_extended.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_lager_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_hyperextended.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_lager_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_intoxicated.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_lager_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_magical.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_lager_magical.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_normal.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_lager_normal.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_poisoned.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_lager_poisoned.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_potent.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_lager_potent.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_potentextended.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_lager_potentextended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_young.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_lager_young.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_hops.hops.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hops.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.cheese_aged.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cheese_aged.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.cheese_press.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Press
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.cheese_vat.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Vat
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.cheese_waxed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cheese_waxed.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.churn.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Churn
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.churn_plunger.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.churn_plunger.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.curds_aged.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curds_aged.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.curds_simple.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curds_simple.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.curds_waxed.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.curds_waxed.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_butter_milk.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_butter_milk.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_appenzeller.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_appenzeller.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_asiago.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_asiago.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_casu_marzu.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_casu_marzu.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_cheddar.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_cheddar.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_emmentaler.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_emmentaler.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_gorgonzola.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_gorgonzola.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_gouda.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_gouda.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_monterey.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_monterey.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_parmesan.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_parmesan.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_provolone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_provolone.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_ricotta.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cheese_ricotta.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_condensed_milk.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_condensed_milk.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cream.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_cream.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_extended.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_fermented.*                # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_fermented.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_hyperextended.*            # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_poisoned.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_poisoned.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent_extended.*          # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent_hyperextended.*     # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_milk.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_milk.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_milk_curds.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_milk_curds.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_rennet.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_rennet.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_skim_milk.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_skim_milk.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.fluid_whey.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_whey.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.pancheon.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pancheon
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_milk.thistle.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Thistle
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_extended.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_sake_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_fermented.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_sake_fermented.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_hyperextended.*              # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_sake_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_magical.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_sake_magical.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_mash.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_sake_mash.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_poisoned.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_sake_poisoned.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent_extended.*            # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent_extended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent_hyperextended.*       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_water.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.fluid_booze_sake_water.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.ricecrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.riceCrop.name
fe.protection.interact.growthcraft_rice.ricepaddy.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Paddy
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Almond Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Apiary
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Arid Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Beehive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.breadfruit_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Breadfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT White Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Green Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Red Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Black Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Date Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Durian Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fig Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Frost Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grinder.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Grinder
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.guava_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Guava Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.hazelnut_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hazelnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.honey.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.jackfruit_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jackfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lamington
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lychee_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lychee Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mango Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.market.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Market
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Olive Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamagavecrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamagavecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Almond
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamamaranthcrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamamaranthcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamarrowrootcrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamarrowrootcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Banana
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambreadfruit.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Breadfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcassavacrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcassavacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchickpeacrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamchickpeacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Date
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Durian
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamelderberrycrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamelderberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fig
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamflaxcrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamflaxcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgigapicklecrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgigapicklecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgreengrapecrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgreengrapecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamguava.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Guava
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamhazelnut.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hazelnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamhuckleberrycrop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamhuckleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamjackfruit.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jackfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamjicamacrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamjicamacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamjuniperberrycrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamjuniperberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamjutecrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamjutecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkalecrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamkalecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkenafcrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamkenafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkohlrabicrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamkohlrabicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlentilcrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamlentilcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lime
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlychee.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lychee
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammango.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mango
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammilletcrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pammilletcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammulberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pammulberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Olive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Orange
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampassionfruit.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Passionfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampawpaw.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pawpaw
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Peach
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampear.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pear
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Plum
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamquinoacrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamquinoacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrambutan.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rambutan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsisalcrop.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsisalcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoursop.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Soursop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiderweb.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Spider Web
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtamarind.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tamarind
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtarocrop.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamtarocrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtomatillocrop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamtomatillocrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.passionfruit_sapling.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Passion Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pavlova
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pawpaw_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pawpaw Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.presser.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Presser
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.rambutan_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rambutan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Shaded Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Shipping Bin
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Soggy Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.soursop_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Soursop Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.spiderweb_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spider Web Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tamarind_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tamarind Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.waterfilter.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water Filter
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Water Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.well.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Well
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Windy Garden
fe.protection.interact.hatstand.hatstand.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Hat Stand
fe.protection.interact.ic2.air.*                                                          # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.air.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.biogas.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.biogas.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.biomass.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.biomass.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.construction_foam.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.construction_foam.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.coolant.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.coolant.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.creosote.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.creosote.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.distilled_water.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.distilled_water.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.dynamite.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamite
fe.protection.interact.ic2.fence.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.fence
fe.protection.interact.ic2.foam.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.foam
fe.protection.interact.ic2.glass.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.glass
fe.protection.interact.ic2.heavy_water.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.heavy_water.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.hot_coolant.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.hot_coolant.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.hot_water.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.hot_water.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.hydrogen.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.hydrogen.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.leaves.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.ic2.milk.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.milk.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.mining_pipe.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.mining_pipe
fe.protection.interact.ic2.oxygen.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.oxygen.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.pahoehoe_lava.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.pahoehoe_lava.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.refractory_bricks.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Refractory Bricks
fe.protection.interact.ic2.reinforced_door.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.reinforced_door.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.resource.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.resource
fe.protection.interact.ic2.rubber_wood.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Wood
fe.protection.interact.ic2.sapling.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.sapling.rubber.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.scaffold.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.scaffold
fe.protection.interact.ic2.sheet.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.sheet
fe.protection.interact.ic2.steam.*                                                        # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.steam.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.superheated_steam.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.superheated_steam.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.te.*                                                           # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.te
fe.protection.interact.ic2.uu_matter.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.uu_matter.name
fe.protection.interact.ic2.wall.*                                                         # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.wall
fe.protection.interact.ic2.weed_ex.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT ic2.weed_ex.name
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.concrete.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icbmclassic:concrete.name
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.cruiselauncher.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cruise Launcher
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.emptower.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT EMP Tower
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.explosives.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icbmclassic:explosives.name
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.glassbutton.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Button
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.glasspressureplate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.launcherbase.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icbmclassic:launcherbase.name
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.launcherframe.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icbmclassic:launcherframe.name
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.launcherscreen.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icbmclassic:launcherscreen.name
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.multiblock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icbmclassic:multiblock.name
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.radarstation.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Radar Station
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.reinforcedglass.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.interact.icbmclassic.spikes.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icbmclassic:spikes.name
fe.protection.interact.ichoriumkit.bedrock_portal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.interact.ichoriumkit.ichor_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ichor Block
fe.protection.interact.ichoriumkit.nitor_vapor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.animal_byproduct_recolector.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Sewer
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.animal_growth_increaser.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Grower
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.animal_independence_selector.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Baby Separator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.animal_resource_harvester.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Rancher
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.animal_stock_increaser.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Animal Feeder
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.biofuel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Biofuel
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.biofuel_generator.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Biofuel Generator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.bioreactor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bioreactor
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.black_hole_controller.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Black Hole Controller (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.black_hole_controller_reworked.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Black Hole Controller v2.0
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.black_hole_label.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Hole Label
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.black_hole_tank.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Black Hole Tank
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.black_hole_unit.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Black Hole Unit
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.block_destroyer.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.block_placer.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block Placer
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.conveyor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.crop_enrich_material_injector.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Plant Fertilizer
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.crop_recolector.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Plant Gatherer
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.crop_sower.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Plant Sower
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.dye_mixer.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dye Mixer
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.enchantment_aplicator.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Applicator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.enchantment_extractor.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Extractor
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.enchantment_invoker.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Factory
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.enchantment_refiner.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Sorter
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.energy_field_provider.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Field Provider
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.essence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Essence
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.fluid_crafter.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Crafter
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.fluid_pump.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Pump
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.fluiddictionary_converter.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Dictionary Converter
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.froster.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Froster
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.hydrator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hydrator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.if.pink_slime.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Slime
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.if.protein.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Protein
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.item_splitter.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Item Splitter
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.laser_base.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Laser Base
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.laser_drill.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Laser Drill
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.latex.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Latex
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.latex_processing_unit.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Latex Processing Unit
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.lava_fabricator.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lava Fabricator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.material_stonework_factory.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Material StoneWork Factory
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.meat.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Meat
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.milk.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.mob_detector.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mob Detector
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.mob_duplicator.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mob Duplicator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.mob_relocator.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mob Crusher
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.mob_slaughter_factory.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mob Slaughter Factory
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.ore_fermenter.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fermentation Station
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.ore_processor.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ore Processor
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.ore_sieve.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Sieving Machine
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.ore_washer.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Washing Factory
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.oredictionary_converter.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ore Dictionary Converter
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.petrified_fuel_generator.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Petrified Fuel Generator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.pitiful_fuel_generator.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pitiful Fuel Generator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.plant_interactor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Plant Interactor
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.potion_enervator.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Potion Brewer
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.protein_generator.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Protein Generator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.protein_reactor.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Protein Reactor
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.resourceful_furnace.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Resourceful Furnace
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.sewage.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sewage
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.sewage_composter_solidifier.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sewage Composter
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.sludge.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sludge
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.sludge_refiner.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sludge Refiner
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.spores_recreator.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spores Recreator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.tree_fluid_extractor.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Tree Fluid Extractor
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.villager_trade_exchanger.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Villager Trade Exchanger
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.water_condensator.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Water Condensator
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.water_resources_collector.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Resources Fisher
fe.protection.interact.industrialforegoing.wither_builder.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wither Builder
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.interact.irontanks.copper_tank.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontanks.creative_tank.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontanks.diamond_tank.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontanks.emerald_tank.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontanks.gold_tank.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontanks.iron_tank.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontanks.obsidian_tank.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontanks.silver_tank.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Tank
fe.protection.interact.irontanks.void_tank.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Void Tank
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.block_blockcertusquartz.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of %s
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.block_blockchargedcertusquartz.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of %s
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.block_blockniter.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of %s
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.block_blocksulfur.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of %s
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.fluid_moltencarbon.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.fluid_moltencrystal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.fluid_moltendarkiron.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.fluid_moltenmagnesium.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.fluid_moltenmercury.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.fluid_moltenmeteoriciron.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.fluid_moltenpalladium.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.fluid_moltentungsten.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.interact.jaopca.fluid_moltenuranium.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.crafting_table.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Logistics Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.crafting_table_fuzzy.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Logistics Fuzzy Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.frame.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Logistics Block Frame
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.pipe.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logisticspipes.pipe.name
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.power_junction.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Logistics Power Junction
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.power_provider_eu.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Logistics EU Power Provider
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.power_provider_mj.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Logistics MJ Power Provider
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.power_provider_rf.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Logistics RF Power Provider
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.program_compiler.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Logistics Program Compiler
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.security_station.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Logistics Security Station
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.solid_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logisticspipes.solid_block.name
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.statistics_table.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Logistics Statistics Table
fe.protection.interact.logisticspipes.sub_multiblock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.logisticspipes.sub_multiblock.name
fe.protection.interact.magicbees.effectjar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.interact.magicbees.enchanted_earth.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.interact.magicbees.hiveblock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.magicbees.hiveblock.name
fe.protection.interact.mcmultipart.multipart.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.basicblock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cardboard Box
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.energycube.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.gastank.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Panel
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.machineblock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.oreblock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Road
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.saltblock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.transmitter.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.mia.void_creator.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Void Creator
fe.protection.interact.mia.white_sandstone_new.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.white_sandstone_new.name
fe.protection.interact.mia.white_sandstone_new_slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.white_sandstone_new_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.mia.white_sandstone_new_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.white_sandstone_new_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.mia.white_sandstone_stairs_brick.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT White Sandstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Air
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.barrier.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Warding Aura
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bed.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beetroots.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Beetroots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_door.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bone_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chain Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Chorus Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chorus Plant
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.concrete.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Plant
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_rod.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT End Rod
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Frosted Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Booster Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass_path.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Path
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magma.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Magma Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.observer.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Observer
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.prismarine.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Sapling
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Green Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.structure_block.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.structure_void.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Void
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT White Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.modularrouters.item_router.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Item Router
fe.protection.interact.modularrouters.template_frame.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Template Frame
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_hand.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Journey Cloth
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_shell.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Journey Cloth
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_spiral.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Journey Cloth
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.journey_hub_hand.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Journey Hub
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.journey_hub_shell.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Journey Hub
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.journey_hub_spiral.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Journey Hub
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.locked_bookstand.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Locked Bookstand
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.locked_lectern.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Locked Lectern
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.nexus_controller.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nexus Controller
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.traffic_cone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Safety Cone
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.unstable_portal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unstable Portal
fe.protection.interact.moremystcraft.unstable_receptacle.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Unstable Book Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.blockbookbinder.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Book Binder
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.blockbookreceptacle.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Book Receptacle
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.blockbookstand.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bookstand
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.blockcrystal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.blockdecay.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Decay Effect
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.blockinkmixer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ink Mixer
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.blocklectern.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lectern
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.blocklinkmodifier.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Link Modifier
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.blockstarfissure.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Star Fissure
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.fluidblockblackink.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Black Ink
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.linkportal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Link Portal
fe.protection.interact.mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Writing Desk
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminum Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.apatite_crop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apatite Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.ardite_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ardite Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.basalt_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.basalz_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Basalz Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.blaze_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blaze Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.blitz_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blitz Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.blizz_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blizz Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.brass_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brass Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.bronze_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bronze Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_crop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.chicken_crop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chicken Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.coal_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ma.coal_block.name
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.coal_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_slab.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cobbled Soulstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_slab_full.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ma.cobbled_soulstone_slab_full.name
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cobbled Soulstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_wall.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ma.cobbled_soulstone_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_crop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_crop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.constantan_crop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Constantan Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.copper_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.cow_crop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cow Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.creeper_crop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Creeper Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_crop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.desh_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Desh Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.diamond_crop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.dirt_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.dye_crop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dye Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_crop.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.electrum_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Electrum Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.elementium_crop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Elementium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.emerald_crop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.end_crop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT End Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.end_inferium_ore.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT §eEnd Inferium Ore
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.end_prosperity_ore.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT End Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_crop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT End Steel Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.enderium_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enderium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.enderman_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Enderman Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_crop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.experience_crop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_crop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fiery Ingot Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.fire_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.fluix_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_crop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fluxed Electrum Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.ghast_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ghast Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_crop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_crop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Ingot Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_lamp.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.gold_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_crop.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Grains of Infinity Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.graphite_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Graphite Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.growth_accelerator.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT §eGrowth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.guardian_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Guardian Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.ice_crop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.inferium_furnace.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT §eInferium Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.inferium_furnace_active.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT §eInferium Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.inferium_ore.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT §eInferium Ore
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.inferium_reprocessor.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT §eInferium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.ingot_storage.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ma.ingot_storage.name
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_furnace.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT §6Intermedium Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_furnace_active.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT §6Intermedium Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_reprocessor.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT §6Intermedium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.invar_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Invar Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_crop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Iridium Ore Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.iron_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ironwood Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_crop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Knightmetal Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_crop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Knightslime Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_crop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.lead_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lead Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.limestone_crop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.lumium_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lumium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_crop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_crop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.marble_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_crop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Meteoric Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.miners_torch.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Miner's Torch
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_crop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Flower Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.mystical_machine_frame.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mystical Machine Frame
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.nature_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nature Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.nether_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.nether_inferium_ore.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT §eNether Inferium Ore
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.nether_prosperity_ore.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_crop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.nickel_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.osmium_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Osmium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.peridot_crop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Peridot Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.pig_crop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pig Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.platinum_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Platinum Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.prosperity_ore.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_furnace.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT §aPrudentium Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_furnace_active.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT §aPrudentium Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_reprocessor.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT §aPrudentium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_crop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_crop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rabbit Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_crop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.redstone_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_crop.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Refined Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.rubber_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rubber Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.ruby_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ruby Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_crop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.seed_reprocessor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.sheep_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sheep Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.signalum_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Signalum Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.silicon_crop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Silicon Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.silver_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Silver Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_crop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.slime_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.soul_glass.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Glass
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.soul_glass_pane.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.soularium_crop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Soularium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.soulstone.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ma.soulstone.name
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Soulstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_slab_full.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ma.soulstone_brick_slab_full.name
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Soulstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_wall.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ma.soulstone_brick_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Soulstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_slab_full.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ma.soulstone_slab_full.name
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.spider_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spider Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.steel_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Steeleaf Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.stone_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.storage.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ma.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.superium_furnace.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT §bSuperium Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.superium_furnace_active.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT §bSuperium Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.superium_reprocessor.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT §bSuperium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.supremium_furnace.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT §cSupremium Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.supremium_furnace_active.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT §cSupremium Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.supremium_reprocessor.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT §cSupremium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_crop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.tier1_inferium_crop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 1 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.tier2_inferium_crop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 2 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.tier3_inferium_crop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 3 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.tier4_inferium_crop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 4 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.tier5_inferium_crop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 5 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.tin_crop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.tinkering_table.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tinkering Table
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.titanium_crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Titanium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_furnace.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT §8Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_furnace_active.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT §8Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_reprocessor.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT §8Ultimate Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_crop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Uranium 238 Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.uranium_crop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Uranium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_crop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_crop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Void Metal Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.water_crop.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_crop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.witherproof_block.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Witherproof Block
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.witherproof_glass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Witherproof Glass
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.wood_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_crop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Yellorium Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.zinc_crop.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc Crop
fe.protection.interact.mysticalagriculture.zombie_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Zombie Crop
fe.protection.interact.natura.amaranth_button.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.amaranth_fence.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.amaranth_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.amaranth_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.amaranth_trap_door.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.barley_crop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.barley_crop.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.blaze_hopper.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blaze Hopper
fe.protection.interact.natura.blaze_rail.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.natura.blaze_rail_activator.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.natura.blaze_rail_detector.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.natura.blaze_rail_golden.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.interact.natura.bloodwood_button.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.bloodwood_fence.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.bloodwood_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.bloodwood_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.bloodwood_trap_door.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.bluebells_flower.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bluebells
fe.protection.interact.natura.clouds.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.clouds.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.colored_grass.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.colored_grass.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.colored_grass_slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.colored_grass_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.colored_grass_stairs_autumnal.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Autumnal Grass Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.colored_grass_stairs_bluegrass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bluegrass Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.colored_grass_stairs_topiary.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Topiary Grass Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.cotton_crop.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.cotton_crop.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.darkwood_button.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.darkwood_fence.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.darkwood_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.darkwood_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.darkwood_trap_door.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.eucalyptus_button.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.eucalyptus_fence.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.eucalyptus_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.eucalyptus_trap_door.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.fusewood_button.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.fusewood_fence.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.fusewood_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.fusewood_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.fusewood_trap_door.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.ghostwood_button.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.ghostwood_fence.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.ghostwood_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.ghostwood_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.ghostwood_trap_door.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.hopseed_button.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.hopseed_fence.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.hopseed_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.hopseed_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.hopseed_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.lit_netherrack_furnace.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Furnace
fe.protection.interact.natura.maple_button.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.maple_fence.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.maple_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.maple_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.maple_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_berrybush_blightberry.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blightberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_berrybush_duskberry.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Duskberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_berrybush_skyberry.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Skyberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_berrybush_stingberry.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stingberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_blue_large_glowshroom.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_blue_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_bookshelves.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_bookshelves.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_button.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_door_bloodwood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.nether_door_bloodwood.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_door_darkwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.nether_door_darkwood.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_door_fusewood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.nether_door_fusewood.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_door_ghostwood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.nether_door_ghostwood.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_glass.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_glowshroom.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_green_large_glowshroom.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_green_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_heat_sand.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Sand
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_leaves2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_leaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_lever.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_logs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_logs.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_logs2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodwood
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_planks.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_planks.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_purple_large_glowshroom.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_purple_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_sapling2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_sapling2.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_slab.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_stairs_bloodwood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_stairs_darkwood.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_stairs_fusewood.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_stairs_ghostwood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_tainted_soil.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_tainted_soil.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_thorn_vines.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Thornvines
fe.protection.interact.natura.nether_workbenches.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.nether_workbenches.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.netherrack_furnace.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Furnace
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_berrybush_blackberry.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Blackberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_berrybush_blueberry.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_berrybush_maloberry.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Maloberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_berrybush_raspberry.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_bookshelves.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_bookshelves.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_door_eucalyptus.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.overworld_door_eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_door_hopseed.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.overworld_door_hopseed.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_door_maple.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.overworld_door_maple.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_door_redwood.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.overworld_door_redwood.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_door_redwood_bark.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.overworld_door_redwood_bark.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_door_sakura.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.overworld_door_sakura.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_door_silverbell.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.overworld_door_silverbell.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_door_tiger.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT item.natura.overworld_door_tiger.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_leaves2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_leaves2.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_logs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_logs.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_logs2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_logs2.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_planks.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_planks.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_sapling2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_sapling2.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_slab2.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_stairs_amaranth.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_stairs_eucalyptus.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_stairs_hopseed.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_stairs_maple.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_stairs_redwood.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_stairs_sakura.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_stairs_silverbell.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_stairs_tiger.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tiger Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_stairs_willow.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Stairs
fe.protection.interact.natura.overworld_workbenches.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.overworld_workbenches.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.redwood_button.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.redwood_fence.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.redwood_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.redwood_leaves.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.redwood_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.redwood_logs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.redwood_logs.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.redwood_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.redwood_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.redwood_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.redwood_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.respawn_obelisk.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.natura.respawn_obelisk.name
fe.protection.interact.natura.saguaro.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.interact.natura.saguaro_baby.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Baby Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.interact.natura.saguaro_fruit.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.interact.natura.sakura_button.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.sakura_fence.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.sakura_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.sakura_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.sakura_trap_door.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sakura Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.silverbell_button.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.silverbell_fence.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.silverbell_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.silverbell_pressure_plate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.silverbell_trap_door.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Silverbell Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.tiger_button.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Tiger Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.tiger_fence.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tiger Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.tiger_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tiger Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.tiger_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tiger Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.tiger_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tiger Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.natura.willow_button.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Button
fe.protection.interact.natura.willow_fence.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence
fe.protection.interact.natura.willow_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.natura.willow_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.natura.willow_trap_door.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Trap Door
fe.protection.interact.netherendingores.block_end_endermite.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone Endermite Monster Egg
fe.protection.interact.netherendingores.block_nether_netherfish.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack Netherfish Monster Egg
fe.protection.interact.netherendingores.creative_tab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Tab Block
fe.protection.interact.netherendingores.ore_end_modded_1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherendingores:ore_end_modded_1.name
fe.protection.interact.netherendingores.ore_end_modded_2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherendingores:ore_end_modded_2.name
fe.protection.interact.netherendingores.ore_end_vanilla.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherendingores:ore_end_vanilla.name
fe.protection.interact.netherendingores.ore_nether_modded_1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_modded_1.name
fe.protection.interact.netherendingores.ore_nether_modded_2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_modded_2.name
fe.protection.interact.netherendingores.ore_nether_vanilla.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_vanilla.name
fe.protection.interact.netherendingores.ore_other_1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherendingores:ore_other_1.name
fe.protection.interact.omlib.network_cable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.network_cable.name
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.auto_anvil.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Anvil
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.auto_enchantment_table.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.beartrap.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bear Trap
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.big_button.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Big Button
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.big_button_wood.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Big Button
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.block_breaker.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block Breaker
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.block_placer.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block Placer
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.builder_guide.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.cannon.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Item Cannon
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.canvas.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Canvas
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.canvas_glass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Canvas
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.donation_station.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Donation Station
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.drawing_table.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Drawing Table
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.elevator.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.elevator_rotating.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.fan.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fan
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.flag.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flag
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.golden_egg.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Golden Egg
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.grave.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Grave
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.guide.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Building Guide
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.heal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Healer
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.imaginary.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.item_dropper.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Item Dropper
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.ladder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.paint_can.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Can
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.paint_mixer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Paint Mixer
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.path.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Path
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.projector.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Height Map Projector
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.rope_ladder.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rope Ladder
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.scaffolding.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Scaffolding
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.sky.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Block
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.sponge.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.sprinkler.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.tank.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Tank
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.target.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Target
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.trophy.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Trophy
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.vacuum_hopper.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.village_highlighter.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Village Highlighter
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.xp_bottler.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT XP Bottler
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.xp_drain.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT XP Drain
fe.protection.interact.openblocks.xp_shower.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT XP Shower
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.adapter.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Adapter
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.assembler.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.cable.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cable
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.capacitor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.carpetedcapacitor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.case1.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.case2.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.case3.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.casecreative.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.chameliumblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.charger.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.disassembler.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Disassembler
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.diskdrive.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Disk Drive
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.endstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.geolyzer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Geolyzer
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.hologram1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.hologram2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.keyboard.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Keyboard
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.microcontroller.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Microcontroller
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.motionsensor.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Motion Sensor
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.netsplitter.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Net Splitter
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.powerconverter.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Power Converter
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.powerdistributor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Power Distributor
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.print.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Print
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.printer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Printer
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.rack.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rack
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.raid.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Raid
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.redstone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone I/O
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.relay.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Relay
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.robot.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT robot.name
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.robotafterimage.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Robot
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.screen1.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.screen2.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.screen3.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.transposer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Transposer
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.waypoint.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Waypoint
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.base_addon.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.base_addon.name
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.disposable_item_turret.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.expander.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.expander.name
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.grenade_turret.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.incendiary_turret.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.laser_turret.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Laser Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.lever_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.machine_gun_turret.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gun Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.potato_cannon_turret.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.rail_gun_turret.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.relativistic_turret.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.rocket_turret.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.teleporter_turret.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.interact.openmodularturrets.turret_base.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Turret Base
fe.protection.interact.planetprogression.advanced_launch_pad.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.interact.planetprogression.advanced_launch_pad_full.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.interact.planetprogression.block_multi.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.interact.planetprogression.satellite_builder.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Satellite Builder
fe.protection.interact.planetprogression.satellite_controller.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Satellite Controller
fe.protection.interact.planetprogression.satellite_launcher.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Satellite Rocket Launch Module
fe.protection.interact.planetprogression.telescope.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Telescope
fe.protection.interact.planetprogression.telescope_fake_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.telescope_fake_block.name
fe.protection.interact.playerplates.invisible_mossy_plate.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobble Pressure Plate (Invisible)
fe.protection.interact.playerplates.invisible_obsidian_plate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Pressure Plate (Invisible)
fe.protection.interact.playerplates.mossy_plate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobble Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.playerplates.obsidian_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.plethora.manipulator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Manipulator
fe.protection.interact.plethora.redstone_integrator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone integrator
fe.protection.interact.plustic.alumiteblock.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Alumite Block
fe.protection.interact.plustic.invarblock.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Invar Block
fe.protection.interact.plustic.mirionblock.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mirion Block
fe.protection.interact.plustic.osgloglasblock.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Osgloglas Block
fe.protection.interact.plustic.osmiridiumblock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Osmiridium Block
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_alumite.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Alumite
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_desh.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Desh
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_elementium.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Elementium
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_manasteel.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_mirion.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Mirion
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_osgloglas.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Osgloglas
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_osmiridium.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Osmiridium
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_osmium.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Osmium
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_refinedglowstone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Refined Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_refinedobsidian.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Refined Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_terrasteel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.interact.plustic.plustic.molten_thaumium.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Thaumium
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.advanced_air_compressor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Air Compressor
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.advanced_liquid_compressor.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.advanced_pressure_tube.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Pressure Tube
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.aerial_interface.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Aerial Interface
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.air_cannon.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Air Cannon
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.air_compressor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Air Compressor
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.aphorism_tile.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Aphorism Tile
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.assembly_controller.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly Controller
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.assembly_drill.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly Drill
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.assembly_io_unit.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly IO Unit
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.assembly_laser.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly Laser
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.assembly_platform.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Assembly Platform
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.charging_station.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Charging Station
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.compressed_iron_block.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Compressed Iron
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.creative_compressor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Compressor
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.drone_interface.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Drone Interface
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.drone_redstone_emitter.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.drone_redstone_emitter.name
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.electric_compressor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Compressor
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.electrostatic_compressor.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Electrostatic Compressor
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.elevator_base.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Base
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.elevator_caller.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Caller
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.elevator_frame.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Frame
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.fake_ice.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fake_ice.name
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.fluid.diesel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Diesel
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.fluid.etchacid.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Etching Acid
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.fluid.kerosene.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Kerosene
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.fluid.lpg.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT LPG
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.fluid.lubricant.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lubricant
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.fluid.plastic.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.flux_compressor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Compressor
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.gas_lift.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gas Lift
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.heat_sink.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Sink
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.kerosene_lamp.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Kerosene Lamp
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.kerosene_lamp_light.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.kerosene_lamp_light.name
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.liquid_compressor.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.liquid_hopper.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Hopper
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.omnidirectional_hopper.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Omnidirectional Hopper
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.plastic_mixer.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Mixer
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_door.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pneumatic Door
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_door_base.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pneumatic Door Base
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_dynamo.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pneumatic Dynamo
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_generator.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pneumatic Generator
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_glass.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Chamber Glass
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_interface.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Chamber Interface
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_valve.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Chamber Valve
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_wall.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Chamber Wall
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.pressure_tube.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pressure Tube
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.programmable_controller.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Programmable Controller
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.programmer.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Programmer
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.refinery.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Refinery
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.security_station.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Security Station
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.sentry_turret.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sentry Turret
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.thermal_compressor.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Thermal Compressor
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.thermopneumatic_processing_plant.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Thermopneumatic Processing Plant
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.universal_sensor.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Universal Sensor
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.uv_light_box.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT UV Light Box
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.vacuum_pump.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vacuum Pump
fe.protection.interact.pneumaticcraft.vortex_tube.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Vortex Tube
fe.protection.interact.portalgun.block_portal.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.portalgun.block.portal.name
fe.protection.interact.powersuits.liquid_nitrogen.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.powersuits.liquid_nitrogen.name
fe.protection.interact.powersuits.luxcapacitor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.powersuits.tinkertable.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.interact.projectred-expansion.machine1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-expansion.machine2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-exploration.barrel.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-exploration.ore.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-exploration.stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-exploration.stone_wall.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.stoneWall.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-fabrication.ic_machine.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.fabrication.icMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-illumination.lamp.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-relocation.blockmovingrow.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-relocation.frame.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.relocation.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.acacia_button.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.acacia_button.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.acacia_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.acacia_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.acacia_trapdoor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.acacia_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.andesite_speleothem.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.andesite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_acacia_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_acacia_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_acacia_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_acacia_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_acacia_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_acacia_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_acacia_wall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_acacia_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_birch_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_birch_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_birch_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_birch_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_birch_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_birch_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_birch_wall.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_birch_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_dark_oak_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_dark_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_dark_oak_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_dark_oak_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_dark_oak_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_dark_oak_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_dark_oak_wall.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_dark_oak_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_jungle_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_jungle_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_jungle_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_jungle_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_jungle_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_jungle_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_jungle_wall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_jungle_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_oak_slab.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_oak_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_oak_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_oak_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_oak_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_oak_wall.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_oak_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_spruce_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_spruce_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_spruce_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_spruce_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_spruce_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_spruce_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.bark_spruce_wall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bark_spruce_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.biome_brick.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biome_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.biome_cobblestone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biome_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.birch_button.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.birch_button.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.birch_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.birch_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.birch_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.birch_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.blaze_lantern.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blaze_lantern.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.blaze_rod.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blaze_rod.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.brick_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brick_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.candle.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Candle
fe.protection.interact.quark.carved_wood.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.carved_wood.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.charred_nether_brick_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.charred_nether_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.charred_nether_brick_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.charred_nether_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.charred_nether_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.charred_nether_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.charred_nether_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.charred_nether_bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.chute.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chute.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.cobbed_stone_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbed_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.cobbed_stone_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbed_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.cobbed_stone_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbed_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.cobbed_stone_wall.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobbed_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.cobblestone_mossy_slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobblestone_mossy_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.cobblestone_mossy_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobblestone_mossy_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.cobblestone_mossy_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cobblestone_mossy_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.color_slime.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.color_slime.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_black.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_black.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_blue.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_blue.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_brown.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_brown.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_cyan.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_gray.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_gray.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_green.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_green.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_light_blue.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_light_blue.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_lime.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_lime.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_magenta.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_orange.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_orange.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_pink.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_pink.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_purple.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_purple.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_red.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_red.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_silver.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_silver.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_white.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_white.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.colored_flowerpot_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.colored_flowerpot_yellow.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.crystal.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.interact.quark.crystal_pane.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.crystal_pane.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.custom_chest.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.custom_chest.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.custom_chest_trap.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.custom_chest_trap.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.dark_oak_button.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dark_oak_button.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.dark_oak_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dark_oak_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.dark_oak_trapdoor.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dark_oak_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.dark_prismarine_wall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dark_prismarine_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.diorite_speleothem.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.diorite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.duskbound_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.duskbound_block.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.duskbound_block_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.duskbound_block_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.duskbound_block_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.duskbound_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.duskbound_block_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.duskbound_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.duskbound_block_wall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.duskbound_block_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.duskbound_lantern.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.duskbound_lantern.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_wall.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_dark_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_dark_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_dark_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_wall.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_dark_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_prismarine_wall.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_prismarine_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.elder_sea_lantern.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elder_sea_lantern.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.end_bricks_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.end_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.end_bricks_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.end_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.end_bricks_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.end_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.end_bricks_wall.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.end_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.fire_stone_brick_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fire_stone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.fire_stone_brick_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fire_stone_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.fire_stone_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fire_stone_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.fire_stone_brick_wall.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fire_stone_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.fire_stone_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fire_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.fire_stone_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fire_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.fire_stone_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fire_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.fire_stone_wall.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fire_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.framed_glass.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.framed_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.framed_glass_pane.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.framed_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.glowcelium.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.glowcelium.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.glowshroom.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.glowshroom.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.glowshroom_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.glowshroom_block.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.gold_button.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gold_button.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.granite_speleothem.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.granite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.grate.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grate.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.gravisand.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gravisand.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.gunpowder_block.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gunpowder_block.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.hardened_clay_tiles.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hardened_clay_tiles.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hardened_clay_tiles_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hardened_clay_tiles_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hardened_clay_tiles_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.icy_stone_brick_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icy_stone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.icy_stone_brick_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icy_stone_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.icy_stone_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icy_stone_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.icy_stone_brick_wall.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icy_stone_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.icy_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icy_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.icy_stone_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icy_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.icy_stone_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icy_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.icy_stone_wall.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.icy_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.iron_button.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iron_button.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.iron_ladder.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iron_ladder.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.iron_plate.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iron_plate.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.iron_plate_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iron_plate_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.iron_plate_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iron_plate_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.iron_plate_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iron_plate_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.iron_rod.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.iron_rod.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.jasper.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jasper.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.jasper_speleothem.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jasper_speleothem.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.jasper_wall.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jasper_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.jungle_button.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jungle_button.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.jungle_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jungle_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.jungle_trapdoor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.jungle_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.leaf_carpet.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaf_carpet.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.lit_lamp.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lit_lamp.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.magma_bricks.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.magma_bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.magma_bricks_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.magma_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.magma_bricks_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.magma_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.magma_bricks_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.magma_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.midori_block.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.midori_block.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.midori_block_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.midori_block_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.midori_block_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.midori_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.midori_block_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.midori_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.midori_block_wall.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.midori_block_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.midori_pillar.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.midori_pillar.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.monster_box.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.monster_box.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.nether_brick_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.nether_brick_fence_gate.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.netherrack_speleothem.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.netherrack_speleothem.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.paper_lantern.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.paper_lantern.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.paper_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.paper_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.paper_wall_big.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.paper_wall_big.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.paper_wall_sakura.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.paper_wall_sakura.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.polished_netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.polished_netherrack.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab_double.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_stairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_wall.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.polished_stone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.polished_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_bricks_slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_bricks_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_bricks_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_bricks_wall.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_dark_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_dark_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_dark_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_dark_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_dark_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_dark_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_rough_wall.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_rough_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.prismarine_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prismarine_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.purpur_block_wall.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.purpur_block_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.quartz_wall.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartz_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.quilted_wool.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quilted_wool.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.rain_detector.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rain_detector.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.red_nether_brick_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.red_nether_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.red_nether_brick_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.red_nether_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.red_nether_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.red_nether_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.red_sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.red_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.red_sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.red_sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.red_sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.red_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.red_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.red_sandstone_wall.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.red_sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.reed_block.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reed_block.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.reed_block_slab.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reed_block_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.reed_block_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reed_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.reed_block_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reed_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.reed_block_wall.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.reed_block_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.roots.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.roots.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.roots_black_flower.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.roots_black_flower.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.roots_blue_flower.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.roots_blue_flower.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.roots_white_flower.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.roots_white_flower.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.rope.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rope.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandstone_new.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_new.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandstone_wall.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandy_bricks.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandy_bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandy_bricks_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandy_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandy_bricks_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandy_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandy_bricks_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandy_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sandy_bricks_wall.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sandy_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.slate.*                                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slate.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.slate_speleothem.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slate_speleothem.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.slate_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slate_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.smoker.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.smoker.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.snow_bricks.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.snow_bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.snow_bricks_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.snow_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.snow_bricks_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.snow_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.snow_bricks_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.snow_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.snow_bricks_wall.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.snow_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.soul_sandstone.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soul_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.soul_sandstone_slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soul_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.soul_sandstone_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soul_sandstone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.soul_sandstone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soul_sandstone_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.soul_sandstone_wall.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.soul_sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.spruce_button.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spruce_button.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.spruce_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spruce_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.spruce_trapdoor.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spruce_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab_double.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab_double.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_stairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab_double.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab_double.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab_double.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab_double.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_black_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_black_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_black_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_black_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_black_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_black_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_blue_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_blue_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_blue_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_brown_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_brown_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_brown_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_brown_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_brown_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_brown_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_cyan_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_cyan_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_cyan_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_cyan_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_cyan_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_cyan_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_gray_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_gray_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_gray_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_gray_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_gray_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_gray_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_green_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_green_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_green_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_green_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_green_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_green_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_light_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_slab_double.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_light_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_light_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_lime_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_lime_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_lime_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_lime_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_lime_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_lime_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_magenta_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_magenta_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_magenta_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_magenta_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_magenta_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_magenta_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_orange_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_orange_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_orange_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_orange_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_orange_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_orange_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_pink_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_pink_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_pink_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_pink_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_pink_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_pink_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_purple_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_purple_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_purple_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_purple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_purple_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_purple_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_red_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_red_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_red_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_red_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_red_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_red_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_silver_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_silver_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_silver_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_silver_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_silver_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_silver_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_white_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_white_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_white_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_white_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_white_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_white_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_yellow_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_yellow_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_yellow_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_yellow_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stained_planks_yellow_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stained_planks_yellow_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_andesite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_andesite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_andesite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_wall.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_andesite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_andesite_slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_andesite_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_andesite_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_andesite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_andesite_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_andesite_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_andesite_wall.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_andesite_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_diorite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_diorite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_diorite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_wall.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_diorite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_diorite_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_diorite_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_diorite_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_diorite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_diorite_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_diorite_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_diorite_wall.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_diorite_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_granite_bricks_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_granite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_granite_bricks_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_granite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_granite_bricks_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_granite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_granite_bricks_wall.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_granite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_granite_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_granite_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_granite_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_granite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_granite_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_granite_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_granite_wall.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_granite_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_jasper_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_jasper_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_jasper_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_wall.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_jasper_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_jasper_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_jasper_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_jasper_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_jasper_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_jasper_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_jasper_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_slate_bricks_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_slate_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_slate_bricks_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_slate_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_slate_bricks_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_slate_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_slate_bricks_wall.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_slate_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_slate_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_slate_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_slate_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_slate_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_slate_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_slate_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_speleothem.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_speleothem.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stone_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stone_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stonebrick_mossy_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonebrick_mossy_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stonebrick_mossy_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonebrick_mossy_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stonebrick_mossy_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonebrick_mossy_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stonebrick_mossy_wall.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonebrick_mossy_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.stonebrick_wall.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.stonebrick_wall.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.sugar_block.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sugar_block.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.thatch.*                                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.thatch_slab.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.thatch_slab_double.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.thatch_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thatch_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.turf.*                                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.turf.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.turf_slab.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.turf_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.turf_slab_double.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.turf_slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.turf_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.turf_stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.vertical_planks.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vertical_planks.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.vertical_stained_planks.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.vertical_stained_planks.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.world_stone_bricks.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.world_stone_bricks.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.world_stone_carved.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.world_stone_carved.name
fe.protection.interact.quark.world_stone_pavement.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.world_stone_pavement.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.abyssal.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.abyssal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.abyssal_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.abyssal_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.abyssal.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.abyssal_paver_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.abyssal_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.abyssal.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.abyssal_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Abyssal Stone
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.actuator.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.actuator.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.admin_steam_producer.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Admin Steam Producer
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.andesite.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.andesite.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.anvil.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.badlands.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.badlands.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.badlands_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Badlands Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.badlands_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.badlands.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.badlands_paver_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Badlands Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.badlands_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.badlands.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.battery_nickel_iron.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel-Iron Battery
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.battery_nickel_zinc.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel-Zinc Battery
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon_empty.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Expended Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver_empty.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Expended Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.blast_furnace.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blast Furnace Brick
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.bleachedbone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.bleachedbone_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bleached Bone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.bleachedbone_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.bleachedbone_paver_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bleached Bone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.bleachedbone_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.bloodstained.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.bloodstained_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodstained Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.bloodstained_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.bloodstained.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.bloodstained_paver_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bloodstained Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.bloodstained_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.bloodstained.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.boiler_firebox_fluid.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.boiler_firebox_solid.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_high.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT High Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_low.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Low Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.charge_feeder.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.charge.feeder.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.charge_trap.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Charge Trap
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.chest_metals.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Metals Chest
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.chest_void.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Void Chest
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.coke_block.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.coke_oven.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.coke_oven_red.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Red Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.creosote.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.creosote_block.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote Wood Block
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.creosote_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.creosote.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.creosote_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.creosote_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.detector.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.diorite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.diorite.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.engine_steam_high.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Steam Engine
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.engine_steam_hobby.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hobbyist's Steam Engine
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.engine_steam_low.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Commercial Steam Engine
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.equipment.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.equipment.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.flux_transformer.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Transformer
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.force_track_emitter.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Force Track Emitter
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.frame.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.frostbound.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.frostbound.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.frostbound_brick_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Frost Bound Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.frostbound_double_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.frostbound.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.frostbound_paver_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Frost Bound Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.frostbound_slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.frostbound.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.generic.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.generic.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.glass.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.glass.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.granite.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.granite.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.infernal.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.infernal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.infernal_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.infernal_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.infernal.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.infernal_paver_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.infernal_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.infernal.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.jaded.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.jaded.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.jaded_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.jaded_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.jaded.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.jaded_paver_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.jaded_slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.jaded.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.jaded_stone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jaded Stone
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.logbook.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Logbook
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.manipulator.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.manipulator.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.nether.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.ore_magic.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.magic.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.ore_metal.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.ore_metal_poor.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.metal.poor.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.pearlized.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.pearlized.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.pearlized_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pearlized Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.pearlized_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.pearlized.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.pearlized_paver_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pearlized Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.pearlized_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.pearlized.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.post_metal.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.post_metal_platform.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.quarried.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.quarried.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.quarried_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Quarried Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.quarried_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.quarried.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.quarried_paver_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Quarried Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.quarried_slab.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.quarried.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.quarried_stone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Quarried Stone
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.red_nether.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.red.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.reinforced_concrete.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.reinforced.concrete.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.ritual.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ritual.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.rock_crusher.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rock Crusher
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.sandy.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.sandy_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sandy Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.sandy_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.sandy.double.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.sandy_paver_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sandy Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.sandy_slab.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.sandy.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.signal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.signal_box.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.box.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.signal_dual.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.dual.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.steam.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.steam_oven.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Oven
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.steam_turbine.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Turbine Housing
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_iron_gauge.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Tank Gauge
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_iron_valve.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Tank Valve
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_iron_wall.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Tank Wall
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_steel_gauge.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Tank Gauge
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_steel_valve.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Tank Valve
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_steel_wall.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Tank Wall
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_water.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Water Tank Siding
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_elevator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_abandoned.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Abandoned Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_electric.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_high_speed.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT High Speed Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_hs_electric.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT High Speed Electric Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_reinforced.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_strap_iron.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Strap Iron Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_force.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.force.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_outfitted.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.outfitted.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.trade_station.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Trade Station
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.wire.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Charge Shunting Wire
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.worldlogic.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.worldspike.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.worldspike.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.worldspike_point.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Worldspike Point
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.generic_solid.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Generic Solid
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.generic_space.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Generic Space
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.maze_generator.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Maze Generator
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.spawn_script.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Script Block
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.structure_generator.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Generator
fe.protection.interact.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spawn_command.name
fe.protection.interact.redstonearsenal.storage.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.reforged.caltrop.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Caltrop
fe.protection.interact.searedladder.seared_ladder.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Ladder
fe.protection.interact.statues.statue.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Statue
fe.protection.interact.stevescarts.blockactivator.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Module Toggler
fe.protection.interact.stevescarts.blockadvdetector.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.stevescarts.blockcargomanager.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cargo Manager
fe.protection.interact.stevescarts.blockcartassembler.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cart Assembler
fe.protection.interact.stevescarts.blockdetector.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.interact.stevescarts.blockdistributor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT External Distributor
fe.protection.interact.stevescarts.blockjunction.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Junction Rail
fe.protection.interact.stevescarts.blockliquidmanager.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Manager
fe.protection.interact.stevescarts.blockmetalstorage.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.stevescarts.upgrade.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.cable.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Inventory Cable
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.cable_breaker.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block Gate
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.cable_bud.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block Detector
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.cable_camouflage.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.cable_cluster.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.cable_input.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.cable_intake.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.cable_output.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.cable_relay.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.cable_sign.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sign Updater
fe.protection.interact.superfactorymanager.manager.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.interact.supersoundmuffler.sound_muffler.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Super Sound Muffler
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.blood.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.casting.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.channel.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Casting Channel
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.faucet.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Faucet
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.glow.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Glow
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.metal.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.milk.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.milk.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ardite
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Brass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Bronze
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Clay
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Copper
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrum
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Emerald
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_enderium.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.enderium.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.glass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Gold
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_invar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.invar.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_iridium.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.iridium.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Iron
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lead
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_lumium.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.lumium.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Nickel
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_platinum.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.platinum.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_signalum.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.signalum.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Silver
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Steel
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Tin
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Zinc
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.ore.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.punji.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Punji Sticks
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.rack.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.soil.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Ladder
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Torch
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Forge
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Bricks
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Ear
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Workbench Charger
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Black Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Green Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Warding Aura
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cinderpearl
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Condenser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Crucible
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Air Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Water Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Order Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Earth Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                               # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glimmer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sapping Field
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Static Field
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.empty.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Space
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Everfull Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Flesh
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Goo
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.hole.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Chest
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Runic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Warded Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Void Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Death
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Log
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Log
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Common Crate
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rare Crate
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Common Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Rare Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Brass Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Void Metal Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Mirror
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Black Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Green Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Red Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT White Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Relay
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Research Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.spa.*                                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Spa
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stabilizer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Rock
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Porous Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crusted Taint
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Swollen Taint
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Taint Geyser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Taintwood Log
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Rock
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Soil
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumatorium
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumatorium
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube.*                                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Valve
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Battery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Generator
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vishroom
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Void Siphon
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_greatwood.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_silverwood.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_thaumium.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Arcane Door
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_terraformer.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Terraformer
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_metal.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_silverwood.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_wood.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.bars.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicaugmentation.bars.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.button_arcane_stone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Button
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.button_greatwood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Button
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.button_silverwood.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Button
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.capstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicaugmentation.capstone.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.crab_vent.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crusted Opening
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Lock
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock_impetus.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Lock
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.fortified_glass.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Fortified Glass
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.fortified_glass_pane.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fortified Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.glass_tube.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_creative.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_creative.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_diffuser.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Impetus Diffuser
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_drainer.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Impetus Drainer
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_gate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Impetus Gate
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_generator.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Impetus Generator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_matrix.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Impetus Matrix
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_matrix_base.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Impetus Matrix Base
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_mirror.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Impetus Mirror
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_relay.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Impetus Relay
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.item_grate.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Item Grate
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_arcane_stone.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_greatwood.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_silverwood.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.rift_barrier.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.rift_feeder.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Inducer
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.rift_jar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Rift in a Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.rift_monitor.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Extradimensional Monitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.rift_mover_input.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Metaspatial Accumulator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.rift_mover_output.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Metaspatial Extruder
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicaugmentation.slab.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicaugmentation.slab_double.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.stability_field_generator.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stability Field Generator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.stairs_ancient.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.stairs_eldritch_tile.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.starfield_glass.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicaugmentation.starfield_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.stone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicaugmentation.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.strange_crystal.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Strange Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.taint_flower.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Flower
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.temporary_light.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Casted Light
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.urn.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumicaugmentation.urn.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.vis_regenerator.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Regenerator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.void_recharge_pedestal.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Void Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_arcane_stone.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Arcane Button
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_greatwood.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Arcane Button
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_silverwood.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Arcane Button
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.warded_chest.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Warded Chest
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_arcane_stone.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_greatwood.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_silverwood.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.thaumicenergistics.infusion_provider.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Infusion Provider
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.animation_tablet.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.dissimulation.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dissimulation Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.dummy_nitor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumictinkerer:dummy_nitor.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.enchantment_pillar.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanting Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.example.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Placeholder Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.funnel.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.magnet.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.mob_magnet.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Corporeal Attractor
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.nitor_vapor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumictinkerer:nitor_vapor.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.osmotic_enchanter.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.repairer.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.transvector_dislocator.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.transvector_interface.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Interface
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.alkahest_vat.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Alkahest Vat
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.catalyzation_chamber.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.cinderpearl_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cinderpearl
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.coalescence_matrix.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Coalescence Matrix
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.coalescence_matrix_precursor.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Coalescence Matrix
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.creative_essentia_jar.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Essentia Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.dimensional_ripper.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Ripper
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.everburning_urn.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Everburning Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.fluid_quicksilver.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Quicksilver
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.flux_capacitor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.flux_distiller.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Distiller
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.hexamite.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hexamite
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.inspiration_engine.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Inspiration Engine
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.madness_engine.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Madness Engine
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.meaty_orb.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Meaty Orb
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.meteorb.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorb
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.ore_diviner.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ore Diviner
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.placeholder_adv_alch_construct.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.placeholder_arcane_stone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.placeholder_obsidian.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.placeholder_thaumium_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.placeholder_void_metal_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.portal_anchor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Portal Anchor
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.portal_generator.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Portal Generator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator_terminus.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Accelerator Terminus
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator_tunnel.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Accelerator Tunnel
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.primordial_accretion_chamber.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.shimmerleaf_crop.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.vishroom_crop.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Vishroom
fe.protection.interact.thaumicwonders.void_beacon.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Void Beacon
fe.protection.interact.thaumtweaks.crafter.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Crafter
fe.protection.interact.thermalcultivation.soil.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalcultivation.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.thermaldynamics.duct_0.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.thermaldynamics.duct_16.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.thermaldynamics.duct_32.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.thermaldynamics.duct_48.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.thermaldynamics.duct_64.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalexpansion.apparatus.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.apparatus.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalexpansion.cache.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalexpansion.cell.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalexpansion.device.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalexpansion.dynamo.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalexpansion.machine.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalexpansion.strongbox.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalexpansion.tank.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.fluid_aerotheum.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.fluid_crude_oil.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crude Oil
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.fluid_cryotheum.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.fluid_ender.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Resonant Ender
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.fluid_glowstone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.fluid_mana.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Mana
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.fluid_petrotheum.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.fluid_pyrotheum.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.fluid_redstone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.glass.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.glass.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.glass_alloy.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.glass.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.ore.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.ore_fluid.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.rockwool.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.rockwool.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.storage.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.storage_alloy.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.thermalfoundation.storage_resource.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.torchmaster.dread_lamp.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dread Lamp
fe.protection.interact.torchmaster.feral_flare_lantern.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Feral Flare Lantern
fe.protection.interact.torchmaster.invisible_light.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.torchmaster.invisible_light.name
fe.protection.interact.torchmaster.mega_torch.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.torchmaster.mega_torch.name
fe.protection.interact.torchmaster.terrain_lighter.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Terrain Lighter
fe.protection.interact.translocators.craftinggrid.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Grid
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_corner_ne.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_corner_nw.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_corner_se.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_corner_sw.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_end_e.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_end_n.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_end_s.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_end_w.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_side_e.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_side_n.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_side_s.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.treechop.chopped_log_side_w.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Block
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.block_storage.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.canopy_button.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Button
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.canopy_door.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.twilightforest.CanopyDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.canopy_doubleslab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.canopy_fence.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Fence
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.canopy_gate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Gate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.canopy_planks.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Planks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.canopy_plate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.canopy_slab.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.canopy_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.canopy_trapdoor.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Canopy Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_door.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Worn Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cicada.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cicada
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cinder Log [NYI]
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_button.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Button
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_door.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.twilightforest.DarkDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_doubleslab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Fence
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_gate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Gate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_planks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_plate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.firefly.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly Jar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.force_field.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Leaves
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Log
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.hedge.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Stalk
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.iron_ladder.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ladder
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mangrove_button.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Button
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mangrove_door.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT item.twilightforest.MangroveDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mangrove_doubleslab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mangrove_fence.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mangrove_gate.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Gate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mangrove_planks.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Planks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mangrove_plate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mangrove_slab.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mangrove_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mangrove_trapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mine_button.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Minewood Button
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mine_door.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.twilightforest.MineDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mine_doubleslab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Minewood Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mine_fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Minewood Fence
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mine_gate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Minewood Gate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mine_planks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Minewood Planks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mine_plate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Minewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mine_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Minewood Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mine_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Minewood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.mine_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Minewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Moonworm
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.root.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.slider.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.sort_button.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sortingwood Button
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.sort_door.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.twilightforest.SortDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.sort_doubleslab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sortingwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.sort_fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sortingwood Fence
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.sort_gate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sortingwood Gate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.sort_planks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sortingwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.sort_plate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sortingwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.sort_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sortingwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.sort_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sortingwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.sort_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sortingwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.stone_twist.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.StonePillar.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.stone_twist_thin.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.StonePillarThin.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stronghold Shield
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.terrorcotta_circle.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Terrorcotta (Circular)
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.terrorcotta_diagonal.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Terrorcotta (Diagonal)
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Thorn Rose
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.thorns.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.time_button.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Timewood Button
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.time_door.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.twilightforest.TimeDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.time_doubleslab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Timewood Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.time_fence.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Timewood Fence
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.time_gate.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Timewood Gate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.time_planks.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Timewood Planks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.time_plate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Timewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.time_slab.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Timewood Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.time_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Timewood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.time_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Timewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.tower_device.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trans_button.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Transwood Button
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trans_door.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT item.twilightforest.TransDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trans_doubleslab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Transwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trans_fence.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Transwood Fence
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trans_gate.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Transwood Gate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trans_planks.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Transwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trans_plate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Transwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trans_slab.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Transwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trans_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Transwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trans_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Transwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trollber.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Trollber
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Trollsteinn
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Trollvidr
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trophy.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_oak_button.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Oak Button
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_oak_door.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT item.twilightforest.TwilightOakDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_oak_doubleslab.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Oak Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_oak_fence.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_oak_gate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Oak Gate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_oak_planks.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Oak Planks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_oak_plate.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Oak Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_oak_slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Oak Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_oak_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Oak Stairs
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_oak_trapdoor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Uberous Soil
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.worldcontrol.extremereactormonitor.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Extreme Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.interact.worldcontrol.howler_alarm.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Howler Alarm
fe.protection.interact.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_monitor.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT IC2 Thermal Monitor
fe.protection.interact.worldcontrol.ic2_remote_reactor_monitor.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.worldcontrol.ic2_remote_reactor_monitor.name
fe.protection.interact.worldcontrol.industrial_alarm.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Alarm
fe.protection.interact.worldcontrol.info_panel.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Info Panel
fe.protection.interact.worldcontrol.info_panel_advanced.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.worldcontrol.worldcontrol:info_panel_advanced.name
fe.protection.interact.worldcontrol.info_panel_extender.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Basic Info Panel Extender
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.altar.*                                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altar.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.apothecary_cauldron.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.apothecary_mortar.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.fertile_lilypad.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fertile_lilypad.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.interdiction_torch.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.pedestal.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.pedestal_passive.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pedestal_passive.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wraith_node.name
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.batterycomputerport.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.batterycontroller.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Controller
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.batteryelectrode.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Electrode
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.batteryglass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Glass
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.batterypowertap.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.batterywall.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Wall
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.blockgraphite.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Graphite
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.ecatalogue.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT E-Catalogue
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.nfcprogrammer.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT NFC Programmer
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.nfcreader.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT NFC Reader
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.quarryfixer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Quarry Fixer
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT FU Meter
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.smartcardterminalblock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Smart Card Terminal [WIP]
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sulfurousacid.name
fe.protection.interact.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.place.*                                                                     # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.additionalpipes.teleport_tether.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Teleport Tether
fe.protection.place.advanced_machines.machines.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE advanced_machines.machines
fe.protection.place.advanced_solar_panels.machines.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE advanced_solar_panels.machines
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.encoder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.grower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.inscriber.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.place.ae2stuff.wireless.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                            # (default: true) PLACE §a16k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                             # (default: true) PLACE §61k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                             # (default: true) PLACE §e4k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                            # (default: true) PLACE §b64k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.place.aquaacrobatics.bubble_column.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tile.aquaacrobatics.bubble.column.name.name
fe.protection.place.aroma1997sdimension.miningore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.aroma1997sdimension:miningOre.name
fe.protection.place.aroma1997sdimension.miningportal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.aroma1997sdimension.portalframe.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Portal Frame
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bell.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.case.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.clock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.desk.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Disc Rack
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.label.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.seat.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.table.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.blockblutonium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blutonium Block
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.blockcyanite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyanite Block
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.blockgraphite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Graphite Block
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.blockludicrite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ludicrite Block
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.blocksteel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Steel Block
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.blockyellorium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellorium Block
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.cyanite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bigreactors:cyanite.name
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.oreanglesite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Anglesite Ore
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.orebenitoite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Benitoite Ore
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.oreyellorite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellorite Ore
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactoraccessport.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Access Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorcasing.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Casing (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorcomputerport.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Computer Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorcontroller.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Controller (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorcontrolrod.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Control Rod (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorcoolantport.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Coolant Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorcreativecoolantport.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Creative Coolant Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorfuelrod.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Fuel Rod (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorglass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Glass (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorpowertaprf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Redstone Flux Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorpowertaptesla.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Tesla Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorrednetport.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reactor RedNet Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.reactorredstoneport.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Redstone Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbinebearing.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Rotor Bearing (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbinecomputerport.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Computer Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbinecontroller.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Controller (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbinecreativesteamgenerator.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Creative Steam Generator (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbinefluidport.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Fluid Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbineglass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Glass (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbinehousing.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Housing (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbinepowertaprf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Redstone Flux Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbinepowertaptesla.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Tesla Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbinerotorblade.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Rotor Blade (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.turbinerotorshaft.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Rotor Shaft (Legacy)
fe.protection.place.bigreactors.yellorium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bigreactors:yellorium.name
fe.protection.place.binniecore.storage.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Fire
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bramble
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dried Sand
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Sand
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Willow Vine
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Framed Block
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_block_reinforced.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Block
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_door.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Framed Door
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_door_reinforced.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Door
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.editable_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_double_slab_reinforced.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.editable_double_slab_reinforced.name
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Framed Fence
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_fence_reinforced.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Fence
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_inner_corner.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Framed Inner Corner
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_inner_corner_reinforced.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Inner Corner
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_outer_corner.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Framed Outer Corner
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_outer_corner_reinforced.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Outer Corner
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_all.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Framed Pressure Plate (All)
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_all_reinforced.*                # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (All)
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_items.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Framed Pressure Plate (Items)
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_items_reinforced.*              # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Items)
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_mobs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Framed Pressure Plate (Mobs)
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_mobs_reinforced.*               # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Mobs)
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_player.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Framed Pressure Plate (Players)
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_player_reinforced.*             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Players)
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Framed Slab
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_slab_reinforced.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Slab
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_slant.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Framed Slant
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_slant_reinforced.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Slant
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Framed Stairs
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_stairs_reinforced.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Stairs
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_trap_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_trap_door_reinforced.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.editable_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.blockcraftery.editable_wall_reinforced.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.editable_wall_reinforced.normal.name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.alchemy_array.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Array
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.alchemy_table.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Table
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.altar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Altar
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.blood_light.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.blood_rune.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.rune..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.blood_tank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Blood Tank
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.decorative_brick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_brick_1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.bricks1..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_brick_2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.bricks2..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_crucible.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Demon Crucible
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_crystal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.demonCrystal..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_crystallizer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Demon Crystallizer
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_extras.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.extras..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_light.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.demonlight..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.pillar1..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.pillar2..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap1..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap2..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_3.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap3..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_pylon.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Demon Pylon
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.stairs1..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.stairs2..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.stairs3..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.demon_wall_1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.wall1..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.dimensional_portal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Portal
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.incense_altar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Incense Altar
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.input_routing_node.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Input Routing Node
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.inversion_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.inversionpillar..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.inversion_pillar_end.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.inversionpillarend..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.item_routing_node.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Routing Node
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.life_essence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.master_routing_node.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Master Routing Node
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.mimic.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.mimic..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.output_routing_node.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Output Routing Node
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.path.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.path..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.phantom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Block
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.ritual_controller.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.stone.ritual..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.ritual_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.ritualStone..name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.soul_forge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Forge
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.spectral.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.spectral.name
fe.protection.place.bloodmagic.teleposer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.place.botania.alchemycatalyst.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.botania.alfheimportal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.place.botania.altar.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.place.botania.altgrass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.place.botania.animatedtorch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.animatedTorch.name
fe.protection.place.botania.avatar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.place.botania.bellows.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.place.botania.bifrost.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.place.botania.bifrostperm.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.place.botania.bifrostpermpane.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea0slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea0slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea0stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea0wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea10slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea10slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea10stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea11slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea11slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea11stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea12slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea12slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea12stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea13slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea13slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea13stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea14slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea14slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea14stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea15slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea15slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea15stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea1slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea1slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea1stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea2slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea2slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea2stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea3slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea3slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea3stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea4slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea4slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea4stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea5slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea5slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea5stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea6slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea6slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea6stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea7slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea7slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea7stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea8slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea8slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea8stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea9slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea9slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea9stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb0slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb0slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb0stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb1slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb1slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb1stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb2slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb2slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb2stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb3slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb3slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb3stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb4slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb4slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb4stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb5slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb5slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb5stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb6slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb6slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb6stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb7slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb7slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb7stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.blazeblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.brewery.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.place.botania.buriedpetals.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.place.botania.cacophoniumblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.cellblock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.cocoon.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.place.botania.conjurationcatalyst.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.botania.corporeacrystalcube.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.place.botania.corporeafunnel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.place.botania.corporeaindex.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.place.botania.corporeainterceptor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.botania.corporearetainer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.place.botania.custombrick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.place.botania.distributor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.place.botania.doubleflower1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.place.botania.doubleflower2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood0slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood0slabfull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood0stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood0wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood1slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood1slabfull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood1stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.elfglass.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.place.botania.elfglasspane.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.botania.enchantedsoil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.place.botania.enchanter.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.place.botania.endereyeblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.fakeair.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.place.botania.felpumpkin.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.place.botania.floatingspecialflower.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.botania.flower.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.place.botania.forestdrum.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.place.botania.foresteye.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.place.botania.gaiaheadblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.place.botania.ghostrail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.place.botania.hourglass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.place.botania.incenseplate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.place.botania.lightlauncher.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.place.botania.lightrelay.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock0slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock0slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock0stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock0wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock1slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock1slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock1stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood0slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood0slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood0stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood0wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood1slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood1slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood1stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.manabomb.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.place.botania.manadetector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.place.botania.manaflame.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.place.botania.managlass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.place.botania.managlasspane.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.botania.manavoid.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.place.botania.miniisland.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.place.botania.mushroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.botania.opencrate.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement0slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement0slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement0stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement1slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement1slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement1stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement2slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement2slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement2stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement3slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement3slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement3stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement4slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement4slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement4stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement5slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement5slabfull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement5stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.petalblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pistonrelay.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.place.botania.platform.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hydraulic Platform
fe.protection.place.botania.pool.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.place.botania.prism.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pump.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pylon.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabblazefull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabblazehalf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabdarkfull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabdarkhalf.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabelffull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabelfhalf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslablavenderfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslablavenderhalf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabmanafull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabmanahalf.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabredfull.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabredhalf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabsunnyfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabsunnyhalf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairsblaze.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairsdark.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairself.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairslavender.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairsmana.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairsred.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairssunny.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypeblaze.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypedark.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypeelf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypelavender.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypemana.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypered.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypesunny.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringcomparator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringcontainer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringdispenser.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringfertilizer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringinterceptor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringrelay.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.place.botania.rfgenerator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.botania.root.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.place.botania.runealtar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerrock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerrock0slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerrock0slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerrock0stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerwoodplanks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shinyflower.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.place.botania.solidvine.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.place.botania.sparkchanger.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.place.botania.spawnerclaw.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.place.botania.specialflower.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.botania.spreader.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.place.botania.starfield.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.place.botania.storage.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.place.botania.terraplate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.place.botania.teruterubozu.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.place.botania.tinyplanetblock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.tinypotato.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.place.botania.turntable.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.place.botany.ceramic.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.botany.ceramicbrick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.botany.ceramicpattern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.botany.flower.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Botany Flower
fe.protection.place.botany.flowerbed.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.place.botany.flowerbed_no_weed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.place.botany.loam.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.loam.name
fe.protection.place.botany.loam_no_weed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.loam.name
fe.protection.place.botany.machine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.botany.plant.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.botany.soil.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.soil.name
fe.protection.place.botany.soil_no_weed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.soil.name
fe.protection.place.botany.stained.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftbuilders.architect.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.architectBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftbuilders.builder.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.builderBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftbuilders.filler.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fillerBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftbuilders.frame.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.frameBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftbuilders.library.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.libraryBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftbuilders.quarry.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quarryBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftbuilders.replacer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.replacerBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftcore.decorated.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.decorated.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftcore.engine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftcore.marker_path.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pathMarkerBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftcore.marker_volume.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.markerBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftcore.spring.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.spring.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_0.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_0.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_1.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_2.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_0.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_0.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_1.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_1.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_2.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_2.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_0.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_0.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_1.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_2.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_0.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_0.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_1.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_1.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_2.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_2.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_0.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_0.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_1.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_1.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_2.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_2.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_0.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_0.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_1.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_2.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_0.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_0.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_1.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_1.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_2.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_2.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_0.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_0.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_1.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_2.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_0.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_0.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_1.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_2.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_0.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_0.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_1.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_2.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftfactory.autoworkbench_item.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.autoWorkbenchBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftfactory.chute.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.chuteBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftfactory.distiller.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.distiller.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftfactory.flood_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.floodGateBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftfactory.heat_exchange.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.heat_exchange.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftfactory.mining_well.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.miningWellBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftfactory.pump.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftfactory.tank.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tankBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftfactory.tube.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tubeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftfactory.water_gel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.waterGel.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftrobotics.zone_planner.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.zonePlannerBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftsilicon.advanced_crafting_table.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.assemblyWorkbenchBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftsilicon.assembly_table.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.assemblyTableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftsilicon.integration_table.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.integrationTableBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcraftsilicon.laser.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcrafttransport.filtered_buffer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.filteredBufferBlock.name
fe.protection.place.buildcrafttransport.pipe_holder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeHolder.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.bar_stool.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bar_stool.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.basin.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Basin
fe.protection.place.cfm.bath_bottom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bath
fe.protection.place.cfm.bath_top.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bath
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedside_cabinet_acacia.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedside_cabinet_andesite.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedside_cabinet_birch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedside_cabinet_dark_oak.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedside_cabinet_diorite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedside_cabinet_granite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Granite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedside_cabinet_jungle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedside_cabinet_oak.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedside_cabinet_spruce.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.bedside_cabinet_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.bench.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Outdoor Bench
fe.protection.place.cfm.bin.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bin
fe.protection.place.cfm.bird_bath.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bird Bath
fe.protection.place.cfm.blender.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blender
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_acacia_closed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_acacia_open.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_birch_closed.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_birch_open.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_closed.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oak Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_dark_oak_closed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_dark_oak_open.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_jungle_closed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_jungle_open.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_open.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_spruce_closed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.blinds_spruce_open.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Blinds
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_andesite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_diorite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_granite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Granite Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_kitchen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cabinet_kitchen.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_oak.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.cabinet_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.candle.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.place.cfm.castle_netting.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Castle Netting
fe.protection.place.cfm.ceiling_fan.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ceiling Fan
fe.protection.place.cfm.ceiling_light_off.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ceiling Light
fe.protection.place.cfm.ceiling_light_on.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ceiling Light (On)
fe.protection.place.cfm.chair_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.chair_andesite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.chair_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.chair_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.chair_diorite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.chair_granite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Granite Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.chair_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.chair_oak.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.chair_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.chair_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.chimney.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chimney
fe.protection.place.cfm.chopping_board.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chopping Board
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffee_table_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffee_table_andesite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffee_table_birch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Birch Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffee_table_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffee_table_diorite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffee_table_granite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Granite Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffee_table_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffee_table_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffee_table_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.coffee_table_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.computer.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.place.cfm.cookie_jar.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.place.cfm.couch.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.couch_jeb.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rave Couch
fe.protection.place.cfm.counter.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.counter.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.counter_drawer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.counter_drawer.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.counter_sink.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.counter_sink.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.crate.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Crate
fe.protection.place.cfm.crate_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Crate
fe.protection.place.cfm.crate_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Crate
fe.protection.place.cfm.crate_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Crate
fe.protection.place.cfm.crate_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Crate
fe.protection.place.cfm.crate_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Crate
fe.protection.place.cfm.cup.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.curtains_closed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtains_closed.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.curtains_open.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtains_open.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_acacia.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Desk
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_andesite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Desk
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_birch.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Birch Desk
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_cabinet_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_cabinet_andesite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_cabinet_birch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Birch Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_cabinet_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_cabinet_diorite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_cabinet_granite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Granite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_cabinet_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_cabinet_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_cabinet_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_cabinet_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_dark_oak.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Desk
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_diorite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Desk
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_granite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Granite Desk
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_jungle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Desk
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_oak.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Desk
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_spruce.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Desk
fe.protection.place.cfm.desk_stone.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Desk
fe.protection.place.cfm.digital_clock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Digital Clock
fe.protection.place.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dishwasher
fe.protection.place.cfm.divingboard_base.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Divingboard
fe.protection.place.cfm.divingboard_plank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.divingboard_plank.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.door_bell.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door Bell
fe.protection.place.cfm.door_bell_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door Bell
fe.protection.place.cfm.door_bell_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door Bell
fe.protection.place.cfm.door_bell_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door Bell
fe.protection.place.cfm.door_bell_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door Bell
fe.protection.place.cfm.door_bell_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door Bell
fe.protection.place.cfm.door_mat.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.door_mat.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.electric_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Electric Fence
fe.protection.place.cfm.esky.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.esky.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.fairy_light.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fairy Light
fe.protection.place.cfm.fire_alarm_off.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fire Alarm
fe.protection.place.cfm.fire_alarm_on.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fire Alarm (On)
fe.protection.place.cfm.fire_pit_off.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fire Pit
fe.protection.place.cfm.fire_pit_on.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fire Pit
fe.protection.place.cfm.freezer.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.place.cfm.fridge.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.place.cfm.grand_chair_bottom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Grand Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.grand_chair_top.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grand Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.grill.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grill
fe.protection.place.cfm.hedge_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Hedge
fe.protection.place.cfm.hedge_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Hedge
fe.protection.place.cfm.hedge_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Hedge
fe.protection.place.cfm.hedge_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Hedge
fe.protection.place.cfm.hedge_oak.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Hedge
fe.protection.place.cfm.hedge_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Hedge
fe.protection.place.cfm.inflatable_castle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Inflatable Castle
fe.protection.place.cfm.lamp_off.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.lamp_off.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.lamp_on.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lamp
fe.protection.place.cfm.light_switch_off.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Switch
fe.protection.place.cfm.light_switch_on.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Switch
fe.protection.place.cfm.mail_box.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Mail Box
fe.protection.place.cfm.mail_box_acacia.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Mail Box
fe.protection.place.cfm.mail_box_birch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Birch Mail Box
fe.protection.place.cfm.mail_box_dark_oak.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Mail Box
fe.protection.place.cfm.mail_box_jungle.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Mail Box
fe.protection.place.cfm.mail_box_spruce.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Mail Box
fe.protection.place.cfm.mantel_piece.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mantelpiece
fe.protection.place.cfm.microwave.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Microwave
fe.protection.place.cfm.mirror.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_bed_bottom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.modern_bed_bottom.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_bed_top.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.modern_bed_top.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_chair.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Modern Chair
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_coffee_table.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Modern Coffee Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_couch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.modern_couch.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_light_off.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Modern Light
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_light_on.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Modern Light
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_sliding_door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Modern Sliding Door
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_stair.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Modern Stairs
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_table.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Modern Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_table_outdoor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Modern Outdoor Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_tv.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Modern TV
fe.protection.place.cfm.modern_window.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Modern Window
fe.protection.place.cfm.oven.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.place.cfm.park_bench_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Park Bench
fe.protection.place.cfm.park_bench_birch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Birch Park Bench
fe.protection.place.cfm.park_bench_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Park Bench
fe.protection.place.cfm.park_bench_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Park Bench
fe.protection.place.cfm.park_bench_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oak Park Bench
fe.protection.place.cfm.park_bench_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Park Bench
fe.protection.place.cfm.photo_frame.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.photo_frame.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.plate.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Plate
fe.protection.place.cfm.present.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.present.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.printer.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Printer
fe.protection.place.cfm.range_hood.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oven Rangehood
fe.protection.place.cfm.range_hood_powered.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.range_hood_powered.name
fe.protection.place.cfm.shower_bottom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Shower
fe.protection.place.cfm.shower_head_off.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Shower Head
fe.protection.place.cfm.shower_head_on.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Shower Head (On)
fe.protection.place.cfm.shower_top.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Shower
fe.protection.place.cfm.stereo.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stereo
fe.protection.place.cfm.stone_path.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Path
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_acacia.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_andesite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_birch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_dark_oak.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_diorite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_granite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Granite Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_jungle.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_oak.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_outdoor.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Outdoor Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_spruce.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.table_stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Table
fe.protection.place.cfm.tap.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tap
fe.protection.place.cfm.toaster.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Toaster
fe.protection.place.cfm.toilet.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Toilet
fe.protection.place.cfm.trampoline.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Trampoline
fe.protection.place.cfm.tree_bottom.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Christmas Tree
fe.protection.place.cfm.tree_top.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Christmas Tree
fe.protection.place.cfm.tv.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE TV
fe.protection.place.cfm.tv_stand.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Modern TV Stand
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_fence_acacia.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_fence_birch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Birch Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_fence_dark_oak.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_fence_jungle.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_fence_nether_brick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_fence_oak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oak Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_fence_spruce.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_gate_acacia.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_gate_birch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_gate_dark_oak.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_gate_jungle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_gate_oak.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.place.cfm.upgraded_gate_spruce.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.place.cfm.wall_cabinet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wall Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cfm.washing_machine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Washing Machine
fe.protection.place.cfm.white_fence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Fence
fe.protection.place.cfm.white_gate.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Gate
fe.protection.place.cfm.wreath.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wreath
fe.protection.place.charset.barrel.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Barrel
fe.protection.place.charset.stacks_decorative.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.charset.stacks.name
fe.protection.place.charset.wire.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.chickenchunks.chunk_loader.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenchunks:chunk_loader.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiblock.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Antiblock
fe.protection.place.chisel.arcane_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.arcane_stone1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.arcane_stone2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockbronze.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockcopper.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockgold.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockinvar.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Invar
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockiron.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocklead.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocknickel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocksilver.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocksteel.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocktin.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockuranium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.bloodmagic.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Blood Rune
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.brownstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_black.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blue Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Brown Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gray Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_green.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Green Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lime Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Orange Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pink Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Purple Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_red.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_white.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.certus.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.certus1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.certus2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factory.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factory1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspane.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspane1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedblack.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedblue.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedbrown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedcyan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedgray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedgreen.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedlightblue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedlightgray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedlime.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedmagenta.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedorange.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedpink.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedpurple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedred.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedwhite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedyellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice1.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice2.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.icepillar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.ironpane.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratory.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marblepillar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherbrick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.paper.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Paper Wall
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-birch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-oak.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.quartz.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.quartz1.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered-scribbles.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technicalnew.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.temple.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templemossy.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_black.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_blue.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_brown.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_gray.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_green.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lime.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_orange.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_pink.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_purple.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_red.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_white.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.bittank.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Fluid Bit Tank
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_clay.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Clay
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_cloth.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Cloth
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_fluid.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Fluid
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_glass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Glass
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_grass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Grass
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ground.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Ground
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ice.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Ice
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_iron.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Metal
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Leaves
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_packedice.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_rock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Rock
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_sand.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Sand
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_snow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Snow
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_wood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Wood
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_black.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.black.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_blue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.blue.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_brown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.brown.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_cyan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.cyan.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_gray.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.gray.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_green.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.green.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_light_blue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.light_blue.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_lime.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.lime.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_magenta.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.magenta.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_orange.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.orange.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_pink.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.pink.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_purple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.purple.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_red.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.red.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_silver.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.silver.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_white.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.white.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.yellow.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.rope.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rope and Nail
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_black.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.black.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_blue.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.blue.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_brown.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.brown.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_cyan.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.cyan.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_gray.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.gray.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_green.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.green.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_light_blue.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.light_blue.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_lime.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.lime.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_magenta.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.magenta.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_orange.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.orange.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_pink.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.pink.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_purple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.purple.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_red.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.red.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_silver.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.silver.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_white.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.white.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_yellow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.yellow.name
fe.protection.place.compacter.cobbler.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.place.compacter.compacter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Compacter
fe.protection.place.compactsolars.compact_solar_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.compactsolars.compact_solar_block.name
fe.protection.place.computercraft.advanced_modem.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender Modem
fe.protection.place.computercraft.cable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Networking Cable
fe.protection.place.computercraft.command_computer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Command Computer
fe.protection.place.computercraft.computer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.place.computercraft.peripheral.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.place.computercraft.turtle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.computercraft.turtle_advanced.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.computercraft.turtle_expanded.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.place.computercraft.wired_modem_full.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:wired_modem_full.name
fe.protection.place.computronics.audio_cable.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Audio Cable
fe.protection.place.computronics.camera.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.place.computronics.chat_box.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.cipher.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.colorful_lamp.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.place.computronics.digital_box.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.computronics.digital_box.name
fe.protection.place.computronics.digital_detector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cart Detector - Digital
fe.protection.place.computronics.iron_note_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.locomotive_relay.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.place.computronics.radar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.place.computronics.sound_board.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sound Board
fe.protection.place.computronics.speaker.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.place.computronics.speech_box.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Speech Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.tape_reader.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.place.computronics.ticket_machine.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.place.conarm.armorforge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Armor Forge
fe.protection.place.conarm.armorstation.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Armor Station
fe.protection.place.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.cabinet.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Kitchen Cabinet
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.cooking_table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Table
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.corner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Kitchen Corner
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.counter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Kitchen Counter
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.cow_jar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cow in a Jar
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.cutting_board.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.fridge.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.fruit_basket.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Basket
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.kitchen_floor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Kitchen Floor
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.milk_jar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Milk Jar
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.oven.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.sink.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sink
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.spice_rack.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spice Rack
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.toaster.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Toaster
fe.protection.place.cookingforblockheads.tool_rack.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tool Rack
fe.protection.place.crimsonwarfare.boss_activator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Altar
fe.protection.place.culinaryconstruct.sandwich_station.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandwich Station
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_0.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_3.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_4.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_0.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_3.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_4.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_5.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_6.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_7.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_8.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_9.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_0.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_4.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_5.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_6.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_7.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_8.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_9.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_4.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_5.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_6.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_0.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_4.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_5.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_6.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_minecraft_log.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_minecraft_log2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_natura_nether_logs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_natura_overworld_logs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_natura_overworld_logs2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.debark.debarked_log_twilightforest_twilight_log.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.doge.doge_block.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Doge Block
fe.protection.place.doge.mining_rig.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mining Rig
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_advanced_power_monitor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_alloy.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Block
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_alloy_endergy.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endergy Alloy Block
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_alloy_smelter.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_attractor_obelisk.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_aversion_obelisk.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_broken_anvil.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Broken Dark Steel Anvil
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_buffer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_buffer.name
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_cap_bank.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_cap_bank.name
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_cold_fire.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cold Fire
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_combustion_generator.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_concussion_charge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_conduit_bundle.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_confusion_charge.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Confusion Charge
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_crafter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Crafter
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_creative_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Creative Spawner
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_dark_fused_glass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_dark_fused_quartz.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_dark_iron_bars.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_dark_paper_anvil.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Paper Anvil
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_dark_steel_anvil.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Anvil
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_dark_steel_door.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_dark_steel_ladder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_dark_steel_trapdoor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_death_pouch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dead Player
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_decoration1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Decoration Block
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_decoration2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Decoration Block
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_decoration3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Decoration Block
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_detector_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_detector_block_silent.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector (Silent)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_dialing_device.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dialing Device
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_electric_light.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Light
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enchanter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_end_iron_bars.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE End Steel Bars
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_ender_charge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ender Charge
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_ender_generator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ender Generator
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enderman_skull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_alloy_smelter.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_alloy_smelter_top.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_combustion_generator.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Combustion Generator
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_combustion_generator_top.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Combustion Generator
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_sag_mill.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced SAG Mill
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_sag_mill_top.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced SAG Mill
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_vat.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE The Enhanced Vat
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_vat_top.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE The Enhanced Vat
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_wired_charger.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Wired Charger
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_wired_charger_top.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Wired Charger
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enhanced_wireless_charger.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Wireless Charging Antenna
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enlightened_fused_glass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_exit_rail.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Exit Rail
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_experience_obelisk.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_farm_station.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Farming Station
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_cloud_seed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_cloud_seed_concentrated.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_conductive_iron.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Conductive Iron
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_construction_alloy.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron Alloy
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_dark_steel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_electrical_steel.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrical Steel
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_end_steel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten End Steel
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_ender.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Liquefied Ender Pearls
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_ender_distillation.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dew of the Void
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_energetic_alloy.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Energetic Alloy
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_fire_water.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fire Water
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_glowstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glowgas
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_hootch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hootch
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_liquid_sunshine.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_nutrient_distillation.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_pulsating_iron.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pulsating Iron
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_redstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Redstone
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_redstone_alloy.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Redstone Alloy
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_rocket_fuel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_soularium.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Soularium
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_vapor_of_levity.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fluid.vapor_of_levity.name
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fluid_vibrant_alloy.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Vibrant Alloy
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_franken_zombie_generator.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Frank'n'Zombie Generator
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fused_glass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_fused_quartz.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_gauge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Energy Gauge
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_holier_fog.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Nano-Particles
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_holy_dark_fused_glass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_holy_dark_fused_quartz.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_holy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_holy_fog.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Nano-Particles (old)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_holy_fused_glass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_holy_fused_quartz.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_impulse_hopper.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_industrial_insulation.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Insulation
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_infinity.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_infinity.name
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_infinity_fog.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Dust
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inhibitor_obelisk.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Inhibitor Obelisk
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_chest_big.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Big Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_chest_enormous.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Enormous Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_chest_huge.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Huge Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_chest_large.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Large Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_chest_medium.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Medium Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_chest_small.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Small Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_chest_tiny.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tiny Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_chest_warehouse.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Inventory System Storage Warehouse
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_chest_warehouse13.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Inventory System Storage Extended Warehouse
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_panel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_inventory_panel_sensor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Sensor
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_killer_joe.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Killer Joe
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_lava_generator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lava Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_light_node.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_light_node.name
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_machine_base.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE (technical block)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_machine_io.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE (technical block)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_niard.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE The Niard
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_normal_wireless_charger.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charging Antenna
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_holy_dark_fused_glass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_holy_dark_fused_quartz.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_holy_fused_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_holy_fused_quartz.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_pasture_dark_fused_glass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_pasture_dark_fused_quartz.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_pasture_fused_glass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_pasture_fused_quartz.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_unholy_dark_fused_glass.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_unholy_dark_fused_quartz.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_unholy_fused_glass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_not_unholy_fused_quartz.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_omni_reservoir.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Omnivoir
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_carpet.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_door.*                               # (default: true) PLACE item.block_painted_dark_steel_door.name
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_trapdoor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Painted Dark Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fence
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painted Gate
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_glowstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_glowstone_solid.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_iron_door.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE item.block_painted_iron_door.name
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_iron_trapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_packed_ice.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painted Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_packed_ice_solid.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Painted Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_pressure_plate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Painted Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_redstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Painted Redstone
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_redstone_solid.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Painted Redstone
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_reinforced_obsidian.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Painted Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_reinforced_obsidian_nonsolid.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_sand.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Painted Sand
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_stair.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Painted Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_stone_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_stone_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stone Fence
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_stone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_stone_stair.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wall
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_wooden_door.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE item.block_painted_wooden_door.name
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_wooden_trapdoor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painted_workbench.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Painted Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_painter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Painting Machine
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_pasture_dark_fused_glass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_pasture_dark_fused_quartz.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_pasture_fused_glass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_pasture_fused_quartz.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_power_monitor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Power Monitor
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_powered_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_reinforced_obsidian.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_relocator_obelisk.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Relocator Obelisk
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_reservoir.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Endervoir
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_sag_mill.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE SAG Mill
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever10.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Self-resetting Lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever10i.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever30.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Self-resetting Lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever300.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Self-resetting Lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever300i.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever30i.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever5.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Self-resetting Lever (5 seconds)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever5i.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (5 seconds)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever60.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Self-resetting Lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever60i.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_simple_alloy_smelter.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Simple Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_simple_crafter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Simple Crafter
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_simple_furnace.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Simple Powered Furnace
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_simple_sag_mill.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Simple SAG Mill
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_simple_stirling_generator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Simple Stirling Generator
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_simple_wired_charger.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Simple Wired Charger
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_slice_and_splice.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_solar_panel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_soul_binder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Soul Binder
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_stirling_generator.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_tank.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_tele_pad.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Telepad Block
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_transceiver.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_travel_anchor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_unholy_dark_fused_glass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_unholy_dark_fused_quartz.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_unholy_fused_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_unholy_fused_quartz.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_vacuum_chest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_vat.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE The Vat
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_weather_obelisk.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_wired_charger.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wired Charger
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_wireless_charger.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_wireless_charger_extension.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charging Antenna Extension
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_xp_vacuum.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE XP Vacuum
fe.protection.place.enderio.block_zombie_generator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.place.enderstorage.ender_storage.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ender_storage.name
fe.protection.place.energyconverters.energy_bridge.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Bridge
fe.protection.place.energyconverters.energy_consumer_eu.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.energy_consumer_eu.name
fe.protection.place.energyconverters.energy_consumer_fe.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE FE Energy Consumer
fe.protection.place.energyconverters.energy_consumer_mj.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE MJ Energy Consumer
fe.protection.place.energyconverters.energy_consumer_rf.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE RF Energy Consumer
fe.protection.place.energyconverters.energy_producer_eu.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.energy_producer_eu.name
fe.protection.place.energyconverters.energy_producer_fe.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE FE Energy Producer
fe.protection.place.energyconverters.energy_producer_mj.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE MJ Energy Producer
fe.protection.place.energyconverters.energy_producer_rf.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE RF Energy Producer
fe.protection.place.eplus.advanced_table.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.eplus.decorative_book.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.eplus.decorative.book.name
fe.protection.place.extrabees.alveary.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.extrabees.ectoplasm.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.place.extrabees.hive.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.certustank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.place.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.place.extracells.fluidfiller.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Auto Filler
fe.protection.place.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive
fe.protection.place.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.extracells.walrus.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.advanced_fuel_loader.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fuel Loader
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.advanced_launch_pad.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.advanced_launch_pad_full.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.advanced_oxygen_compressor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.advanced_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.advanced_refinery.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Refinery
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ash_rock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.basic_chemical_injector.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Basic Chemical Injector
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.basic_crystallizer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basic Crystallizer
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.basic_decontamination_unit.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Basic Decontamination Unit
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.basic_decontamination_unit_fake_block.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Basic Decontamination Unit
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.basic_decrystallizer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Basic Decrystallizer
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.basic_densifier.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Basic Densifier
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.basic_purifier.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Basic Purifier
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.basic_smasher.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Basic Block Smasher
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.basic_solar_evaporation_chamber.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Basic Solar Evaporation Chamber
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.block_multi.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.cake_blocks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.cake_blocks.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.callisto.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.callisto.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.callisto_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Callisto Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.candy_blocks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_blocks.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.candy_blocks_horizontal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_blocks_horizontal.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ceres.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceres.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ceres_gravel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_stone_bricks.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_sub_surface.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_surface.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.clean_water.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Clean Water
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.coal_grit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Coal Grit
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.decorative_blocks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.decorative_blocks.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.decorative_blocks2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.decorative_blocks2.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.deimos.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.deimos.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.deimos_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Deimos Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.dense_ice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.diamond_grit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Grit
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.emerald_grit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Grit
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.eris.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.eris.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.eris_gravel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eris Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.eris_spawner.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_eris.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.eris_stairs_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Eris Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.eris_stairs_stone_bricks.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Eris Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.eris_stairs_sub_surface.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Eris Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.eris_stairs_surface.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eris Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.europa.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.europa_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Europa Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.fire_bomb.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fire Bomb
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.fossil.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fossil Block
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.frozen_nitrogen.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Nitrogen
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.frozen_water.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Water
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ganymede.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.ganymede.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ganymede_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ganymede Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.glowstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glowstone
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.gold_grit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Gold Grit
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.iapetus.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.iapetus.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.iapetus_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iapetus Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.infected_water.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Infected Water
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.io.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.io.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.io_gravel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Io Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.iron_grit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Grit
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.jupiter.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.jupiter.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.jupiter_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.jupiter_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_jupiter.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_blue_grass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Blue Grass
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_flowers.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_flowers.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_grass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Grass
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_infected_grass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Infected Grass
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_logs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_logs2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs2.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_saplings.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_planks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_planks.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_purple_grass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Purple Grass
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_red_grass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Red Grass
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.kepler22b_yellow_grass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Yellow Grass
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.liquid_caramel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Caramel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.liquid_chocolate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Chocolate
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.liquid_hydrocarbon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Hydrocarbon
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.magma.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Magma
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.mercury.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.mercury.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.mercury_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.mercury_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_mercury.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.methane.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Methane
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.neptune.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.neptune.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.neptune_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_neptune.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.nitrogen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.nitrogen_ice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Nitrogen Ice
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.nuclear_bomb.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Bomb
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.oberon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.oberon.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.oberon_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oberon Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.orange_sand.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sand
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.orange_sandstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sandstone
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.phobos.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.phobos.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.phobos_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Phobos Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.pluto.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pluto.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.pluto_gravel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.pluto_spawner.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_pluto.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_stone_bricks.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_sub_surface.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_surface.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.potash.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Potash
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.radioactive_water.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Radioactive Water
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.red_sand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Sand
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.red_sandstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.rhea.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.rhea.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.rhea_gravel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rhea Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.salt.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Crystallized Water
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.saturn.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.saturn.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.saturn_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.saturn_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_saturn.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_stone_bricks.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_sub_surface.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_surface.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.solar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.titan.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.titan.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.titan_gravel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Titan Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.titania.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.titania.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.titania_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Titania Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t10.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tier 10 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 4 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t5.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 5 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t6.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 6 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t7.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 7 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t8.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 8 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t9.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tier 9 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.triton.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.triton.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.triton_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Triton Gravel
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ultimate_fuel_loader.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Fuel Loader
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.ultimate_refinery.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Refinery
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.uranus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.uranus.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.uranus_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_uranus.name
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_stone_bricks.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_sub_surface.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_surface.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Surface Stairs
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.vehicle_charger.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vehicle Charger
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.volcanic_rock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.place.extraplanets.white_sugar_cane.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE White Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.beer.ale.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.beer.corn.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Corn Beer
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.beer.lager.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.beer.rye.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rye Beer
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.beer.stout.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stout
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.beer.wheat.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wheat Beer
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.brandy.apple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Apple Brandy
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.brandy.apricot.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Brandy
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.brandy.cherry.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Brandy
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.brandy.citrus.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Citrus Brandy
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.brandy.elderberry.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Elderberry Brandy
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.brandy.fruit.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Brandy
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.brandy.grape.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brandy
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.brandy.pear.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pear Brandy
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.brandy.plum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Plum Brandy
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.cider.apple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cider
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.cider.peach.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Peach Cider
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.ciderpear.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pear Cider
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.fermented.potatoes.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Potatoes
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.apple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apple Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.apricot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.banana.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Banana Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.carrot.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.cherry.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.cranberry.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.elderberry.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Elderberry Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.grapefruit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.lemon.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.lime.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lime Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.olive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Olive Oil
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.orange.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orange Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.peach.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Peach Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.pear.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pear Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.pineapple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.plum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Plum Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.red.grape.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Grape Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.tomato.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.juice.white.grape.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Grape Juice
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.latex.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Latex
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.almond.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Almond Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.anise.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Anise Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.banana.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Banana Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.blackberry.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.blackcurrant.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Blackcurrant Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.cherry.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.chocolate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.cinnamon.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.coffee.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.hazelnut.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hazelnut Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.herbal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Herbal Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.lemon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.melon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Melon Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.mint.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mint Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.orange.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.peach.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Peach Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.raspberry.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Liqueur
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liquor.apple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Apple Liquor
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liquor.apricot.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Liquor
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liquor.cherry.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Liquor
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liquor.elderberry.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Elderberry Liquor
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liquor.fruit.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Liquor
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.liquor.pear.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pear Liquor
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.mash.corn.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Corn Mash
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.mash.grain.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Grain Mash
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.mash.rye.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Rye Mash
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.mash.wheat.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Wheat Mash
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.resin.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Resin
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.rum.dark.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Rum
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.rum.white.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE White Rum
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.sap.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sap
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.spirit.gin.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gin
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.spirit.neutral.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Neutral Spirit
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.spirit.sugarcane.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cachaca
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.tequila.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tequila
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.turpentine.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turpentine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.vodka.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vodka
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Whiskey
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.corn.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bourbon
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.rye.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rye Whiskey
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.wheat.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wheat Whiskey
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.agave.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Agave Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.apricot.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.banana.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Banana Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.carrot.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.cherry.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.citrus.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Citrus Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.cranberry.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.elderberry.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Elderberry Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.fortified.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fortified Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.pineapple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.plum.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Plum Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.red.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.sparkling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sparkling Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.tomato.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.binnie.wine.white.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE White Wine
fe.protection.place.extratrees.carpentry.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.carpentrypanel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.alder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.alder.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.apple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.apple.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.ash.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.ash.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.banana.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.banana.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.beech.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.beech.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.box.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.box.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.brazilwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.butternut.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.butternut.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.cedar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.cedar.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.cypress.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.cypress.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.elder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.elder.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.elm.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.elm.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.eucalyptus.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.fig.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.fig.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.fir.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.fir.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.gingko.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.gingko.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.hawthorn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.hazel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.hazel.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.hemlock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.hemlock.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.hickory.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.hickory.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.holly.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.holly.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.hornbeam.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.iroko.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.iroko.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.locust.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.locust.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.logwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.logwood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.maclura.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.maclura.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.olive.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.olive.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.pear.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.pear.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.pinkivory.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.purpleheart.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.rosewood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.rosewood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.rowan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.rowan.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.sweetgum.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.syzgium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.syzgium.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.whitebeam.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.doors.yew.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.yew.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.alder.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.alder.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.apple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.apple.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.ash.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.ash.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.banana.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.banana.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.beech.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.beech.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.box.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.box.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.brazilwood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.butternut.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.butternut.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.cedar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.cedar.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.cypress.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.cypress.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.elder.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.elder.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.elm.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.elm.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.eucalyptus.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fig.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fig.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fir.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fir.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.alder.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.alder.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.apple.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.apple.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.ash.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.ash.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.banana.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.banana.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.beech.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.beech.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.box.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.brazilwood.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.butternut.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.butternut.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.cedar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.cedar.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.cypress.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.cypress.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.elder.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.elder.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.elm.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.elm.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.eucalyptus.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.fig.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.fig.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.fir.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.fir.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.gingko.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.gingko.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hawthorn.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hazel.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hazel.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hemlock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hemlock.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hickory.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hickory.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.holly.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.holly.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hornbeam.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.iroko.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.iroko.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.locust.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.locust.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.logwood.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.logwood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.maclura.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.maclura.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.olive.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.olive.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.pear.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.pear.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.pinkivory.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.purpleheart.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.rosewood.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.rosewood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.rowan.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.rowan.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.sweetgum.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.syzgium.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.syzgium.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.whitebeam.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.yew.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.yew.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.gingko.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.gingko.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.hawthorn.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.hazel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.hazel.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.hemlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.hemlock.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.hickory.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.hickory.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.holly.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.holly.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.hornbeam.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.iroko.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.iroko.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.locust.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.locust.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.logwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.logwood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.maclura.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.maclura.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.olive.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.olive.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.pear.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.pear.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.pinkivory.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.purpleheart.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.rosewood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.rosewood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.rowan.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.rowan.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.sweetgum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.syzgium.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.syzgium.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.whitebeam.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fence.gates.yew.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.yew.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fences.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fences.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fences.2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fences.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fences.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.fences.fireproof.2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.hops.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.hops.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.decorative.0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.decorative.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.decorative.2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.decorative.3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.3.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.decorative.4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.4.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.decorative.5.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.5.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.decorative.6.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.6.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.10.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.10.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.11.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.11.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.12.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.12.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.13.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.13.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.14.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.14.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.15.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.15.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.16.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.16.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.17.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.17.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.18.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.18.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.19.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.19.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.20.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.20.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.21.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.21.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.22.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.22.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.23.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.23.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.24.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.24.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.5.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.6.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.7.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.8.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.9.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.9.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.10.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.10.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.11.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.11.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.12.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.12.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.13.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.13.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.14.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.14.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.6.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.7.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.8.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.9.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.9.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.3.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.4.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.5.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.6.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.7.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.8.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.8.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.9.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.9.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.fireproof.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.fireproof.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.fireproof.2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.fireproof.3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.fireproof.4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.fireproof.5.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.5.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.fireproof.6.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.6.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.fireproof.7.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.7.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.fireproof.8.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.8.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.logs.fireproof.9.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.9.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.machine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.multifence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.planks.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.planks.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.planks.2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.planks.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.planks.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.planks.fireproof.2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.shrub_log.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shrub_log.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.3.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.4.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.4.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.double.0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.double.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.double.1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.double.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.double.2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.double.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.double.3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.double.3.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.double.4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.double.4.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.0.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.0.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.1.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.2.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.3.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.4.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.4.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stainedglass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.alder.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.alder.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.apple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.apple.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.ash.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.ash.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.banana.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.banana.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.beech.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.beech.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.box.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.box.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.brazilwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.butternut.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.butternut.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.cedar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.cedar.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.cypress.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.cypress.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.elder.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.elder.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.elm.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.elm.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.eucalyptus.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fig.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fig.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fir.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fir.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.alder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.alder.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.apple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.apple.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.ash.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.ash.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.banana.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.banana.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.beech.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.beech.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.box.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.box.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.brazilwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.butternut.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.butternut.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.cedar.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.cedar.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.cypress.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.cypress.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.elder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.elder.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.elm.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.elm.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.eucalyptus.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.fig.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.fig.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.fir.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.fir.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.gingko.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.gingko.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hawthorn.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hazel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.hazel.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hemlock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.hemlock.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hickory.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.hickory.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.holly.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.holly.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hornbeam.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.iroko.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.iroko.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.locust.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.locust.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.logwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.logwood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.maclura.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.maclura.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.olive.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.olive.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.pear.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.pear.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.pinkivory.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.purpleheart.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.rosewood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.rosewood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.rowan.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.rowan.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.sweetgum.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.syzgium.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.syzgium.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.whitebeam.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.yew.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.yew.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.gingko.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.gingko.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.hawthorn.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.hazel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.hazel.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.hemlock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.hemlock.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.hickory.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.hickory.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.holly.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.holly.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.hornbeam.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.iroko.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.iroko.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.locust.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.locust.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.logwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.logwood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.maclura.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.maclura.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.olive.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.olive.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.pear.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.pear.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.pinkivory.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.purpleheart.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.rosewood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.rosewood.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.rowan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.rowan.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.sweetgum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.syzgium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.syzgium.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.whitebeam.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.place.extratrees.stairs.yew.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.yew.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.analogcrafter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Analog Crafter
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.angelblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.chunkloader.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chunk Loading Ward
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.compressedcobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:compressedcobblestone.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.compresseddirt.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:compresseddirt.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.compressedgravel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:compressedgravel.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.compressednetherrack.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:compressednetherrack.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.compressedsand.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:compressedsand.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.crafter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Crafter
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.creativechest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Creative Chest
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.creativeenergy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Source
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.creativeharvest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Creative Harvest
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.cursedearth.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.decorativebedrock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:decorativebedrock.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.decorativeglass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:decorativeglass.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.decorativesolid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:decorativesolid.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.decorativesolidwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:decorativesolidwood.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.drum.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Drum
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.enderlilly.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ender Lilly
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.indexer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Indexer
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.ineffableglass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:ineffableglass.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.interactionproxy.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender Porcupine
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.ironwood_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.ironwood_log.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_log.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.ironwood_planks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_planks.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.ironwood_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.klein.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Klein Bottle
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.largishchest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Slightly-Larger Chest
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.machine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Machine
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.miner.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Miner
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.minichest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mini Chest
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.moonstone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Moon Stone
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.opinium.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:opinium.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.passivegenerator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:passivegenerator.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.pipe.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.pipe_1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.pipe_2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.pipe_3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.playerchest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Player Chest
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.powerbattery.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wireless RF Battery
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.poweroverload.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Power Overload
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.powertransmitter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wireless RF Transmitter
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.quarry.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Quarry
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.quarryproxy.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Quarry Actuator
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.rainbowgenerator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:rainbowgenerator.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.redorchid.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Orchid
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.redstoneclock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.redstonelantern.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lantern
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.resonator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Resonator
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.scanner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Scanner
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.screen.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.simpledecorative.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:simpledecorative.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.spike_creative.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Creative Spikes
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.spike_diamond.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spikes
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.spike_gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spikes
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.spike_iron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spikes
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.spike_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Spikes
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.spike_wood.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spikes
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.spotlight.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spotlight
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.supermobspawner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Resturbed Mob Spawner
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.teleporter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:teleporter.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.terraformer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:terraformer.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.transferholder.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraUtils2:pipe.pipe.container.name
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.trashcan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.trashcanenergy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can (Energy)
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.trashcanfluid.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can (Fluid)
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.trashchest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Trash Chest
fe.protection.place.extrautils2.user.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical User
fe.protection.place.fairylights.fastener.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fastener.name
fe.protection.place.forbiddenmagicre.arcane_cake.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Cake
fe.protection.place.forbiddenmagicre.black_rose.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.place.forbiddenmagicre.black_rose_bush.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rosebush
fe.protection.place.forbiddenmagicre.leaves_tainted.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.place.forbiddenmagicre.log_tainted.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.place.forbiddenmagicre.sapling_tainted.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.place.forbiddenmagicre.taint_planks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Plank
fe.protection.place.forbiddenmagicre.tainted_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Brick
fe.protection.place.forbiddenmagicre.tainted_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Stone
fe.protection.place.forbiddenmagicre.wrath_cage.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.place.forestry.alveary.fan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Fan
fe.protection.place.forestry.alveary.heater.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Heater
fe.protection.place.forestry.alveary.hygro.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Hygroregulator
fe.protection.place.forestry.alveary.plain.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Alveary
fe.protection.place.forestry.alveary.sieve.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Sieve
fe.protection.place.forestry.alveary.stabiliser.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Stabiliser
fe.protection.place.forestry.alveary.swarmer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Swarmer
fe.protection.place.forestry.analyzer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Analyzer
fe.protection.place.forestry.apiary.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.place.forestry.arboretum.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arboretum
fe.protection.place.forestry.ash_block_0.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.forestry.ash_block_1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.forestry.ash_block_2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.forestry.ash_block_3.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.forestry.ash_brick.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ash Bricks
fe.protection.place.forestry.ash_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ash Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.forestry.bee_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apiarist's Chest
fe.protection.place.forestry.bee_combs_0.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.bee_combs.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.bee_combs_1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.bee_combs.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.bee_house.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bee House
fe.protection.place.forestry.beehives.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.bog_earth.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.bog_earth.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.bottler.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bottler
fe.protection.place.forestry.butterfly_chest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lepidopterist's Chest
fe.protection.place.forestry.candle.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.carpenter.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter
fe.protection.place.forestry.centrifuge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Centrifuge
fe.protection.place.forestry.charcoal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.forestry.climatiser.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.climatiser.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.cocoon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.cocoon.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.cocoon.solid.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.cocoon.solid.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.database.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Database
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.acacia.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.acacia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.balsa.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.balsa.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.baobab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.baobab.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.cherry.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.cherry.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.chestnut.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.chestnut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.citrus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.citrus.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.cocobolo.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.ebony.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.ebony.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.giganteum.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.giganteum.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.greenheart.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.greenheart.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.ipe.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.ipe.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.kapok.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.kapok.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.larch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.larch.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.lime.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.lime.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.mahoe.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.mahoe.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.mahogany.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.mahogany.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.maple.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.maple.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.padauk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.padauk.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.palm.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.palm.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.papaya.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.papaya.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.pine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.pine.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.plum.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.plum.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.poplar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.poplar.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.sequoia.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.sequoia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.teak.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.teak.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.walnut.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.walnut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.wenge.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.wenge.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.willow.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.willow.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.doors.zebrawood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.engine_biogas.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Biogas Engine
fe.protection.place.forestry.engine_clockwork.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Clockwork Engine
fe.protection.place.forestry.engine_electrical.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Electrical Engine
fe.protection.place.forestry.engine_generator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bio Generator
fe.protection.place.forestry.engine_peat.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Peat-fired Engine
fe.protection.place.forestry.escritoire.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Escritoire
fe.protection.place.forestry.fabricator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thermionic Fabricator
fe.protection.place.forestry.farm_crops.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Farm
fe.protection.place.forestry.farm_ender.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ender Farm
fe.protection.place.forestry.farm_gourd.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Farm
fe.protection.place.forestry.farm_mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Farm
fe.protection.place.forestry.farm_nether.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Farm
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.acacia.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.acacia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.balsa.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.balsa.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.baobab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.baobab.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.cherry.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.cherry.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.chestnut.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.chestnut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.citrus.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.citrus.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.cocobolo.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.ebony.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.ebony.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.acacia.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.balsa.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.balsa.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.baobab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.baobab.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.cherry.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.cherry.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.chestnut.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.chestnut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.citrus.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.citrus.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.cocobolo.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.ebony.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.ebony.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.giganteum.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.giganteum.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.greenheart.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.greenheart.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.ipe.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.ipe.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.kapok.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.kapok.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.larch.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.larch.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.lime.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.lime.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.mahoe.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.mahoe.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.mahogany.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.mahogany.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.maple.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.maple.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.padauk.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.padauk.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.palm.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.palm.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.papaya.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.papaya.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.pine.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.pine.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.plum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.plum.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.poplar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.poplar.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.sequoia.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.sequoia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.teak.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.teak.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.walnut.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.walnut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.wenge.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.wenge.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.willow.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.willow.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.zebrawood.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.giganteum.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.giganteum.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.greenheart.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.greenheart.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.ipe.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.ipe.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.kapok.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.kapok.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.larch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.larch.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.lime.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.lime.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.mahoe.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.mahoe.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.mahogany.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.mahogany.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.maple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.maple.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.padauk.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.padauk.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.palm.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.palm.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.papaya.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.papaya.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.pine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.pine.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.plum.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.plum.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.poplar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.poplar.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.sequoia.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.sequoia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.teak.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.teak.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.birch.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.birch.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.oak.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.oak.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.walnut.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.walnut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.wenge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.wenge.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.willow.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.willow.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fence.gates.zebrawood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fences.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fences.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fences.fireproof.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fences.fireproof.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fences.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fermenter.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fermenter
fe.protection.place.forestry.ffarm.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.fluid.bio.ethanol.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.place.forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.place.forestry.fluid.for.honey.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.place.forestry.fluid.glass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.place.forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.place.forestry.fluid.juice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.place.forestry.fluid.milk.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.forestry.fluid.seed.oil.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.place.forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.place.forestry.genetic_filter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Filter
fe.protection.place.forestry.greenhouse.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.greenhouse.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.greenhouse.window.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Greenhouse Window
fe.protection.place.forestry.greenhouse.window_up.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Greenhouse Roof Window
fe.protection.place.forestry.habitat_former.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Habitat Former
fe.protection.place.forestry.humus.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Humus
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.decorative.0.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.decorative.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.decorative.1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.decorative.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.decorative.2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.decorative.2.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.5.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.6.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.7.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.8.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.fruit.0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.fruit.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.leaves.default.fruit.1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.fruit.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.loam.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Loam
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.0.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.2.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.2.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.3.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.3.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.4.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.4.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.5.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.5.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.6.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.6.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.7.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.7.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.fireproof.0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.fireproof.1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.fireproof.2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.fireproof.3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.fireproof.4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.fireproof.5.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.5.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.fireproof.6.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.6.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.fireproof.7.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.7.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.logs.vanilla.fireproof.1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.vanilla.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.mailbox.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mailbox
fe.protection.place.forestry.moistener.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Moistener
fe.protection.place.forestry.mushroom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.peat_bog.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Peat Bog
fe.protection.place.forestry.planks.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.planks.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.planks.fireproof.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.planks.fireproof.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.planks.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.pods.banana.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.banana.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.pods.cocoa.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.cocoa.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.pods.coconut.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.coconut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.pods.dates.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.dates.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.pods.papaya.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.papaya.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.pods.plantain.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.plantain.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.pods.red_banana.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.red_banana.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.rainmaker.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rainmaker
fe.protection.place.forestry.raintank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rain Tank
fe.protection.place.forestry.resource_storage.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resource_storage.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.resources.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.sapling_ge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.sapling_ge.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.0.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.2.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.3.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.3.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.double.0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.double.1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.double.2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.2.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.double.3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.3.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.fireproof.0.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.fireproof.1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.fireproof.2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.fireproof.3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.vanilla.double.fireproof.0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.vanilla.double.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.slabs.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.squeezer.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Squeezer
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.acacia.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.acacia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.balsa.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.balsa.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.baobab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.baobab.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.cherry.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.cherry.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.chestnut.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.chestnut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.citrus.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.citrus.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.cocobolo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.ebony.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.ebony.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.acacia.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.balsa.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.balsa.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.baobab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.baobab.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.cherry.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.cherry.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.chestnut.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.chestnut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.citrus.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.citrus.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.cocobolo.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.ebony.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.ebony.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.giganteum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.giganteum.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.greenheart.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.greenheart.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.ipe.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.ipe.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.kapok.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.kapok.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.larch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.larch.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.lime.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.lime.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.mahoe.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.mahoe.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.mahogany.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.mahogany.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.maple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.maple.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.padauk.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.padauk.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.palm.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.palm.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.papaya.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.papaya.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.pine.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.pine.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.plum.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.plum.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.poplar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.poplar.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.sequoia.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.sequoia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.teak.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.teak.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.walnut.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.walnut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.wenge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.wenge.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.willow.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.willow.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.fireproof.zebrawood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.giganteum.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.giganteum.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.greenheart.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.greenheart.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.ipe.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.ipe.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.kapok.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.kapok.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.larch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.larch.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.lime.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.lime.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.mahoe.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.mahoe.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.mahogany.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.mahogany.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.maple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.maple.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.padauk.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.padauk.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.palm.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.palm.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.papaya.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.papaya.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.pine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.pine.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.plum.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.plum.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.poplar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.poplar.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.sequoia.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.sequoia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.teak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.teak.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.birch.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.birch.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.oak.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.oak.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.walnut.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.walnut.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.wenge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.wenge.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.willow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.willow.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stairs.zebrawood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.place.forestry.stamp_collector.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stamp Collector
fe.protection.place.forestry.still.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Still
fe.protection.place.forestry.stump.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Candle Stump
fe.protection.place.forestry.trade_station.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Trade Station
fe.protection.place.forestry.tree_chest.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arborist's Chest
fe.protection.place.forestry.wood_pile.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wood Pile
fe.protection.place.forestry.wood_pile_decorative.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Decorative Wood Pile
fe.protection.place.forestry.worktable.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Worktable
fe.protection.place.forgemultipartcbe.multipart_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.booster.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Frame Booster
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame_0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame_1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame_2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame_3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.frame_projector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Frame Projector
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.mass_frame_corner.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Super-Frame Corner
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.mass_frame_edge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Super-Frame Edge
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Frame Slider
fe.protection.place.funkylocomotion.teleporter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Frame Teleporter
fe.protection.place.galacticcomputers.sealed_cable.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sealable Cable
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.air_lock_frame.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.air_lock_seal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.aluminum_wire.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.aluminum_wire.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.arclamp.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.basic_block_core.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.basic_block_core.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.basic_block_moon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.basic_block_moon.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.block_multi.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.boss_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.breatheable_air.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.breatheable_air.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.bright_air.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bright_air.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.bright_breathable_air.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bright_breathable_air.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.cargo.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.cheese.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.collector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.compact_workbench.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Compact NASA Workbench
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.concealed_detector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Player Detector
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.concealed_redstone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hidden Redstone Wire
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.concealed_repeater.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.concealed_repeater_pow.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.dishbase.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Communications Dish
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.distributor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.emergency_box.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Emergency Post
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.enclosed.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.fallen_meteor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.fluid_pipe.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.fluid_pipe_pull.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.fluid_tank.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.fuel.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gasoline
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.fuel_loader.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.glowstone_torch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating10.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating100.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating101.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating102.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating103.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating104.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating105.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating106.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating107.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating108.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating109.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating11.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating110.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating111.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating112.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating113.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating114.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating115.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating116.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating117.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating118.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating119.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating12.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating120.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating121.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating122.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating123.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating124.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating125.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating126.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating127.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating128.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating129.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating13.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating130.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating131.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating132.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating133.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating134.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating135.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating136.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating137.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating138.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating139.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating14.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating140.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating141.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating142.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating143.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating144.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating145.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating146.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating147.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating148.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating149.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating15.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating150.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating151.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating152.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating153.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating154.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating155.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating156.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating157.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating158.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating159.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating16.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating160.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating161.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating162.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating163.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating164.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating165.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating166.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating167.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating168.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating169.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating17.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating170.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating171.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating172.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating173.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating174.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating175.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating176.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating177.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating178.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating179.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating18.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating180.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating181.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating182.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating183.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating184.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating185.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating186.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating187.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating188.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating189.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating19.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating190.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating191.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating192.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating193.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating194.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating195.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating196.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating197.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating198.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating199.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating20.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating200.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating201.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating202.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating203.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating204.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating205.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating206.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating207.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating208.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating209.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating21.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating210.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating211.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating212.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating213.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating214.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating215.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating216.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating217.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating218.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating219.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating22.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating220.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating221.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating222.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating223.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating224.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating225.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating226.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating227.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating228.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating229.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating23.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating230.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating231.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating232.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating233.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating234.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating235.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating236.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating237.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating238.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating239.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating24.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating240.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating241.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating242.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating243.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating244.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating245.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating246.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating247.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating248.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating249.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating25.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating250.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating251.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating252.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating253.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating254.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating255.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating256.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating257.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating258.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating259.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating26.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating260.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating261.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating262.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating263.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating264.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating265.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating266.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating267.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating268.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating269.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating27.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating270.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating271.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating272.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating273.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating274.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating275.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating276.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating277.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating278.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating279.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating28.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating280.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating281.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating282.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating283.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating284.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating285.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating286.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating287.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating288.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating289.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating29.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating290.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating291.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating292.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating293.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating294.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating295.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating296.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating297.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating298.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating299.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating30.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating300.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating301.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating302.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating303.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating304.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating305.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating306.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating307.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating308.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating309.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating31.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating310.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating311.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating312.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating313.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating314.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating315.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating316.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating317.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating318.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating319.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating32.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating320.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating321.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating322.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating323.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating324.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating325.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating326.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating327.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating328.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating329.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating33.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating330.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating331.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating332.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating333.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating334.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating335.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating336.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating337.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating338.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating339.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating34.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating340.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating341.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating342.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating343.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating344.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating345.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating346.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating347.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating348.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating349.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating35.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating350.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating351.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating352.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating353.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating354.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating355.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating356.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating357.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating358.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating359.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating36.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating360.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating361.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating362.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating363.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating364.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating365.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating366.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating367.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating368.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating369.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating37.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating370.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating371.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating372.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating373.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating374.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating375.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating376.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating377.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating378.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating379.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating38.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating380.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating381.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating382.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating383.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating384.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating385.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating386.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating387.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating388.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating39.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating40.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating41.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating42.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating43.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating44.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating45.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating46.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating47.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating48.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating49.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating5.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating50.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating51.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating52.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating53.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating54.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating55.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating56.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating57.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating58.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating59.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating6.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating60.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating61.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating62.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating63.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating64.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating65.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating66.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating67.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating68.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating69.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating7.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating70.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating71.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating72.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating73.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating74.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating75.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating76.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating77.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating78.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating79.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating8.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating80.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating81.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating82.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating83.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating84.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating85.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating86.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating87.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating88.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating89.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating9.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating90.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating91.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating92.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating93.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating94.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating95.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating96.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating97.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating98.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.grating99.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.landing_pad.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.landing_pad.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.landing_pad_full.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.machine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.machine2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.machine3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine3.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.machine4.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine4.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.machine_tiered.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine_tiered.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.magnetic_table.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.moon_stairs_brick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.moon_stairs_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.oxygen_compressor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.oxygen_detector.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.panel_lighting.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.panel_lighting.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.parachest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Parachest
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.platform.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hydraulic Platform
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.refinery.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.rocket_workbench.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.sealer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.slab_gc_double.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_gc_double.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.slab_gc_half.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_gc_half.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.solar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.space_glass_clear.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Glass (Clear)
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.space_glass_clear_tin.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_glass_clear_tin.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.space_glass_strong.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Glass (Strong)
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.space_glass_strong_tin.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_glass_strong_tin.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.space_glass_vanilla.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Glass
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.space_glass_vanilla_tin.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_glass_vanilla_tin.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.space_station_base.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Space Station Arrival Block
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.spin_thruster.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.telemetry.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.tin_stairs_1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.tin_stairs_2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.treasure_chest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_lit.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_stone_lit.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.view_screen.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Display Screen
fe.protection.place.galacticraftcore.wall_gc.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall_gc.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.asteroids_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.asteroids_block.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.beam_receiver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.beam_reflector.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.boss_spawner_mars.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_mars.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.boss_spawner_venus.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_venus.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.cavern_vines.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.crashed_probe.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crashed Probe
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.creeper_egg.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.dense_ice.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.geothermal_generator.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Geothermal Generator
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.laser_turret.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Laser Turret
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.mars.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.mars_machine.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars_machine.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.mars_machine_t2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars_machine_t2.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.mars_stairs_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.mars_stairs_cobblestone.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.miner_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.miner_base_full.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.slimeling_egg.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.slimeling_egg.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.sludge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.solar_array_controller.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Solar Array Controller
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.solar_array_module.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Solar Array Module
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.spacewart.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.spacewart.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.spout.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Vapor Spout
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.sulphuric_acid.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.telepad_fake.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.telepad_fake.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.telepad_short.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.treasure_t2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.treasure_t3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.venus.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.venus.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.venus_rock_scorched.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Scorched Venus Rock
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.walkway.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.walkway.name
fe.protection.place.galacticraftplanets.web_torch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.web_torch.name
fe.protection.place.gendustry.extractor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.place.gendustry.imprinter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.place.gendustry.industrial_apiary.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.place.gendustry.liquiddna.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.place.gendustry.liquifier.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.place.gendustry.mutagen.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.place.gendustry.mutagen_producer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.place.gendustry.mutatron.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.mutatron_advanced.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Advanced mutatron
fe.protection.place.gendustry.protein.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.place.gendustry.replicator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.place.gendustry.sampler.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.place.gendustry.transposer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.place.genetics.adv_machine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.genetics.binnie.bacteria.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteria.name
fe.protection.place.genetics.binnie.bacteria.poly.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteriapoly.name
fe.protection.place.genetics.binnie.bacteria.vector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteriavector.name
fe.protection.place.genetics.binnie.dna.raw.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.rawdna.name
fe.protection.place.genetics.binnie.growth.medium.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.growthmedium.name
fe.protection.place.genetics.lab_machine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.genetics.machine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.rope_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rope
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.rope_knot.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Rope Knot
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.rope_knot_acacia.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.rope_knot_birch.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.rope_knot_dark_oak.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.rope_knot_jungle.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.rope_knot_nether_brick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.rope_knot_oak.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.rope_knot_spruce.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.salt_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rock Salt Block
fe.protection.place.growthcraft.salt_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rock Salt Ore
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_door.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.apple_door.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Apple Fence
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Apple Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_leaves.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_log.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Apple Wood
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_planks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.apple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_slab_half.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.apple_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_ethereal.*            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_ethereal.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_extended.*            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_fermented.*           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_fermented.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_intoxicated.*         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_poisoned.*            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_poisoned.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_potent.*              # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_potent.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_potentextended.*      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_potentextended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_juice.*                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_juice.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_apples.rope_knot_apple.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE item.bamboo_door.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_plank.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Planks
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_shoot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_slab_half.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stalk.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bamboo.rope_knot_bamboo.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.beebox.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bee Box
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.beehive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.fluid_honey.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_honey.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_ethereal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_ethereal.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_extended.*                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_fermented.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_fermented.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_hyperextended.*                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_intoxicated.*                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_poisoned.*                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_poisoned.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_potent.*                             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_potent.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_potentextended.*                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_potentextended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_young.*                              # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_young.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_cellar.brew_kettle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_cellar.cork_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cork Leaves
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_cellar.cork_log.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cork Wood
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_cellar.cork_log_stripped.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cork Wood (Stripped)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_cellar.cork_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.cork_sapling.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_cellar.culture_jar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Culture Jar
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_cellar.ferment_barrel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_cellar.fruit_press.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Press
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_cellar.fruit_presser.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fruit_presser.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap (Deprecated)
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_acacia.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_apple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_bamboo.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_birch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_darkoak.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_jungle.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_oak.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_spruce.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_ambrosia.*                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_juice.*                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_juice.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_portwine.*                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_portwine.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine.*                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_extended.*             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_intoxicated.*          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_poisoned.*             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_potent.*               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_ambrosia.*                 # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_juice.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_juice.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_portwine.*                 # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_portwine.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine.*                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_extended.*            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_intoxicated.*         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_poisoned.*            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_potent.*              # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_ambrosia.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_juice.*                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_juice.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_portwine.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_portwine.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine.*                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_extended.*               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_intoxicated.*            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_poisoned.*               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_potent.*                 # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_fruit.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.native_grape_fruit.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine0.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.native_grape_vine0.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.native_grape_vine1.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine_leaves.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.native_grape_vine_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_extended.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_hyperextended.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_intoxicated.*                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_lager.*                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_lager.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_normal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_normal.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_poisoned.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_poisoned.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_potent.*                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_potent.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_unhopped.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_unhopped.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_young.*                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_young.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_extended.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_hyperextended.*                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_intoxicated.*                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_magical.*                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_magical.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_normal.*                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_normal.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_poisoned.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_poisoned.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_potent.*                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_potent.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_potentextended.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_potentextended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_young.*                             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_young.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_hops.hops.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.hops.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.cheese_aged.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.cheese_aged.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.cheese_press.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Press
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.cheese_vat.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Vat
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.cheese_waxed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.cheese_waxed.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.churn.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.churn_plunger.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.churn_plunger.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.curds_aged.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.curds_aged.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.curds_simple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.curds_simple.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.curds_waxed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.curds_waxed.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_butter_milk.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_butter_milk.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_appenzeller.*                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_appenzeller.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_asiago.*                                # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_asiago.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_casu_marzu.*                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_casu_marzu.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_cheddar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_cheddar.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_emmentaler.*                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_emmentaler.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_gorgonzola.*                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_gorgonzola.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_gouda.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_gouda.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_monterey.*                              # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_monterey.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_parmesan.*                              # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_parmesan.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_provolone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_provolone.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_ricotta.*                               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_ricotta.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_condensed_milk.*                               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_condensed_milk.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cream.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cream.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_extended.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_fermented.*                   # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_fermented.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_hyperextended.*               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_poisoned.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_poisoned.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent.*                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent_extended.*             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent_hyperextended.*        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_milk.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_milk.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_milk_curds.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_milk_curds.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_rennet.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_rennet.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_skim_milk.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_skim_milk.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.fluid_whey.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_whey.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.pancheon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pancheon
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_milk.thistle.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Thistle
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_extended.*                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_fermented.*                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_fermented.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_hyperextended.*                 # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_magical.*                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_magical.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_mash.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_mash.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_poisoned.*                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_poisoned.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent.*                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent_extended.*               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent_extended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent_hyperextended.*          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_water.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_water.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.ricecrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.riceCrop.name
fe.protection.place.growthcraft_rice.ricepaddy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Arid Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.breadfruit_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Breadfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Frost Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grinder.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Grinder
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ground Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.guava_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Guava Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.hazelnut_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hazelnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.honey.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.jackfruit_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jackfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lychee_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lychee Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.market.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamagavecrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamagavecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamamaranthcrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamamaranthcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamarrowrootcrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamarrowrootcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambreadfruit.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Breadfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcassavacrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcassavacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchickpeacrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamchickpeacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamelderberrycrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamelderberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamflaxcrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamflaxcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgigapicklecrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgigapicklecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgreengrapecrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgreengrapecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamguava.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Guava
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamhazelnut.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hazelnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamhuckleberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamhuckleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamjackfruit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jackfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamjicamacrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamjicamacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamjuniperberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamjuniperberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamjutecrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamjutecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkalecrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkalecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkenafcrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkenafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkohlrabicrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkohlrabicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlentilcrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamlentilcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlychee.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lychee
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammango.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammilletcrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammilletcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammulberrycrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammulberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampassionfruit.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Passionfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampawpaw.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pawpaw
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampear.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamquinoacrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamquinoacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrambutan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rambutan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsisalcrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsisalcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoursop.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Soursop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiderweb.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spider Web
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtamarind.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tamarind
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtarocrop.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtarocrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtomatillocrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtomatillocrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.passionfruit_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Passion Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pawpaw_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pawpaw Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.presser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.rambutan_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Rambutan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Shaded Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Shipping Bin
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Soggy Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.soursop_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Soursop Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.spiderweb_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spider Web Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tamarind_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tamarind Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.waterfilter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water Filter
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.well.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Well
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Windy Garden
fe.protection.place.hatstand.hatstand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hat Stand
fe.protection.place.ic2.air.*                                                             # (default: true) PLACE ic2.air.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.biogas.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE ic2.biogas.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.biomass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE ic2.biomass.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.construction_foam.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE ic2.construction_foam.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.coolant.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE ic2.coolant.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.creosote.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE ic2.creosote.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.distilled_water.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE ic2.distilled_water.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.dynamite.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dynamite
fe.protection.place.ic2.fence.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE ic2.fence
fe.protection.place.ic2.foam.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE ic2.foam
fe.protection.place.ic2.glass.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE ic2.glass
fe.protection.place.ic2.heavy_water.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE ic2.heavy_water.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.hot_coolant.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE ic2.hot_coolant.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.hot_water.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE ic2.hot_water.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.hydrogen.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE ic2.hydrogen.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.leaves.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.ic2.milk.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE ic2.milk.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.mining_pipe.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE ic2.mining_pipe
fe.protection.place.ic2.oxygen.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE ic2.oxygen.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.pahoehoe_lava.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE ic2.pahoehoe_lava.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.refractory_bricks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Refractory Bricks
fe.protection.place.ic2.reinforced_door.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE ic2.reinforced_door.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.resource.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE ic2.resource
fe.protection.place.ic2.rubber_wood.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.place.ic2.sapling.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE ic2.sapling.rubber.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.scaffold.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE ic2.scaffold
fe.protection.place.ic2.sheet.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE ic2.sheet
fe.protection.place.ic2.steam.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE ic2.steam.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.superheated_steam.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE ic2.superheated_steam.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.te.*                                                              # (default: true) PLACE ic2.te
fe.protection.place.ic2.uu_matter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE ic2.uu_matter.name
fe.protection.place.ic2.wall.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE ic2.wall
fe.protection.place.ic2.weed_ex.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE ic2.weed_ex.name
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.concrete.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:concrete.name
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.cruiselauncher.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cruise Launcher
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.emptower.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE EMP Tower
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.explosives.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:explosives.name
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.glassbutton.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass Button
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.glasspressureplate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.launcherbase.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:launcherbase.name
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.launcherframe.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:launcherframe.name
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.launcherscreen.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:launcherscreen.name
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.multiblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:multiblock.name
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.radarstation.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Radar Station
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.reinforcedglass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.place.icbmclassic.spikes.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:spikes.name
fe.protection.place.ichoriumkit.bedrock_portal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.place.ichoriumkit.ichor_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ichor Block
fe.protection.place.ichoriumkit.nitor_vapor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.animal_byproduct_recolector.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Animal Sewer
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.animal_growth_increaser.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Animal Grower
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.animal_independence_selector.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Animal Baby Separator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.animal_resource_harvester.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Animal Rancher
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.animal_stock_increaser.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Animal Feeder
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.biofuel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Biofuel
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.biofuel_generator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Biofuel Generator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.bioreactor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bioreactor
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.black_hole_controller.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Hole Controller (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.black_hole_controller_reworked.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Hole Controller v2.0
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.black_hole_label.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Hole Label
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.black_hole_tank.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Hole Tank
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.black_hole_unit.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Hole Unit
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.block_destroyer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.block_placer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.conveyor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.crop_enrich_material_injector.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Plant Fertilizer
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.crop_recolector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Plant Gatherer
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.crop_sower.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plant Sower
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.dye_mixer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dye Mixer
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.enchantment_aplicator.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Applicator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.enchantment_extractor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Extractor
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.enchantment_invoker.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Factory
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.enchantment_refiner.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Sorter
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.energy_field_provider.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Energy Field Provider
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.essence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Essence
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.fluid_crafter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Crafter
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.fluid_pump.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Pump
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.fluiddictionary_converter.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Dictionary Converter
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.froster.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Froster
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.hydrator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hydrator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.if.pink_slime.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.if.protein.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.item_splitter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Item Splitter
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.laser_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Laser Base
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.laser_drill.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Laser Drill
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.latex.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Latex
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.latex_processing_unit.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Latex Processing Unit
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.lava_fabricator.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lava Fabricator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.material_stonework_factory.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Material StoneWork Factory
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.meat.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Meat
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.milk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.mob_detector.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mob Detector
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.mob_duplicator.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mob Duplicator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.mob_relocator.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mob Crusher
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.mob_slaughter_factory.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mob Slaughter Factory
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.ore_fermenter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fermentation Station
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.ore_processor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ore Processor
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.ore_sieve.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Sieving Machine
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.ore_washer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Washing Factory
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.oredictionary_converter.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Ore Dictionary Converter
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.petrified_fuel_generator.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Petrified Fuel Generator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.pitiful_fuel_generator.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Pitiful Fuel Generator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.plant_interactor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Plant Interactor
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.potion_enervator.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Potion Brewer
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.protein_generator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Protein Generator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.protein_reactor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Protein Reactor
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.resourceful_furnace.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Resourceful Furnace
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.sewage.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sewage
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.sewage_composter_solidifier.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Sewage Composter
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.sludge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.sludge_refiner.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sludge Refiner
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.spores_recreator.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spores Recreator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.tree_fluid_extractor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Tree Fluid Extractor
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.villager_trade_exchanger.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Villager Trade Exchanger
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.water_condensator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Water Condensator
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.water_resources_collector.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Resources Fisher
fe.protection.place.industrialforegoing.wither_builder.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wither Builder
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.place.irontanks.copper_tank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Copper Tank
fe.protection.place.irontanks.creative_tank.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Creative Tank
fe.protection.place.irontanks.diamond_tank.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Tank
fe.protection.place.irontanks.emerald_tank.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Tank
fe.protection.place.irontanks.gold_tank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gold Tank
fe.protection.place.irontanks.iron_tank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank
fe.protection.place.irontanks.obsidian_tank.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Tank
fe.protection.place.irontanks.silver_tank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Silver Tank
fe.protection.place.irontanks.void_tank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Void Tank
fe.protection.place.jaopca.block_blockcertusquartz.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of %s
fe.protection.place.jaopca.block_blockchargedcertusquartz.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of %s
fe.protection.place.jaopca.block_blockniter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of %s
fe.protection.place.jaopca.block_blocksulfur.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of %s
fe.protection.place.jaopca.fluid_moltencarbon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.place.jaopca.fluid_moltencrystal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.place.jaopca.fluid_moltendarkiron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.place.jaopca.fluid_moltenmagnesium.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.place.jaopca.fluid_moltenmercury.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.place.jaopca.fluid_moltenmeteoriciron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.place.jaopca.fluid_moltenpalladium.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.place.jaopca.fluid_moltentungsten.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.place.jaopca.fluid_moltenuranium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.crafting_table.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.crafting_table_fuzzy.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Fuzzy Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.frame.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Block Frame
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.pipe.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logisticspipes.pipe.name
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.power_junction.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Power Junction
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.power_provider_eu.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Logistics EU Power Provider
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.power_provider_mj.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Logistics MJ Power Provider
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.power_provider_rf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Logistics RF Power Provider
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.program_compiler.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Program Compiler
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.security_station.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Security Station
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.solid_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.logisticspipes.solid_block.name
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.statistics_table.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Statistics Table
fe.protection.place.logisticspipes.sub_multiblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logisticspipes.sub_multiblock.name
fe.protection.place.magicbees.effectjar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.place.magicbees.enchanted_earth.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.place.magicbees.hiveblock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.magicbees.hiveblock.name
fe.protection.place.mcmultipart.multipart.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.basicblock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.place.mekanism.energycube.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.gastank.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glow Panel
fe.protection.place.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.machineblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.place.mekanism.oreblock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.place.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.place.mekanism.saltblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.transmitter.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.place.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.place.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.place.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.place.mia.void_creator.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Creator
fe.protection.place.mia.white_sandstone_new.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone_new.name
fe.protection.place.mia.white_sandstone_new_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone_new_slab.name
fe.protection.place.mia.white_sandstone_new_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone_new_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.mia.white_sandstone_stairs_brick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Sandstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.barrier.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beetroots.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Beetroots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_door.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bone_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.concrete.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Plant
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_rod.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE End Rod
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass_path.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Grass Path
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magma.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.observer.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Observer
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.minecraft.prismarine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.slime.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Green Slime Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.structure_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Structure Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.structure_void.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Structure Void
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.modularrouters.item_router.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Item Router
fe.protection.place.modularrouters.template_frame.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Template Frame
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_hand.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Journey Cloth
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_shell.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Journey Cloth
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_spiral.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Journey Cloth
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.journey_hub_hand.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Journey Hub
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.journey_hub_shell.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Journey Hub
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.journey_hub_spiral.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Journey Hub
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.locked_bookstand.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Locked Bookstand
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.locked_lectern.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Locked Lectern
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.nexus_controller.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nexus Controller
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.traffic_cone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Safety Cone
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.unstable_portal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Portal
fe.protection.place.moremystcraft.unstable_receptacle.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Book Receptacle
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.blockbookbinder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Book Binder
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.blockbookreceptacle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Book Receptacle
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.blockbookstand.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bookstand
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.blockcrystal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.blockdecay.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Decay Effect
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.blockinkmixer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ink Mixer
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.blocklectern.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lectern
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.blocklinkmodifier.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Link Modifier
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.blockstarfissure.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Star Fissure
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.fluidblockblackink.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Ink
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.linkportal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Link Portal
fe.protection.place.mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Writing Desk
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.apatite_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apatite Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.ardite_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ardite Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.basalt_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.basalz_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basalz Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.blaze_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.blitz_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blitz Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.blizz_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blizz Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.brass_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brass Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.bronze_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_crop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.chicken_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chicken Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.coal_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.coal_block.name
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.coal_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Coal Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cobbled Soulstone Slab
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_slab_full.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.cobbled_soulstone_slab_full.name
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobbled Soulstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_wall.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.cobbled_soulstone_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.constantan_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Constantan Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.copper_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Copper Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.cow_crop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cow Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.creeper_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.desh_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Desh Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.diamond_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.dirt_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dirt Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.dye_crop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dye Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_crop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.electrum_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Electrum Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.elementium_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Elementium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.emerald_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.end_crop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE End Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.end_inferium_ore.*                                # (default: true) PLACE §eEnd Inferium Ore
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.end_prosperity_ore.*                              # (default: true) PLACE End Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE End Steel Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.enderium_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enderium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.enderman_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.experience_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Experience Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fiery Ingot Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.fire_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.fluix_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fluxed Electrum Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.ghast_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ghast Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Ingot Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_lamp.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.gold_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gold Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_crop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Grains of Infinity Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.graphite_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Graphite Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.growth_accelerator.*                              # (default: true) PLACE §eGrowth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.guardian_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Guardian Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.ice_crop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.inferium_furnace.*                                # (default: true) PLACE §eInferium Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.inferium_furnace_active.*                         # (default: true) PLACE §eInferium Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.inferium_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE §eInferium Ore
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.inferium_reprocessor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE §eInferium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.ingot_storage.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.ingot_storage.name
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_furnace.*                             # (default: true) PLACE §6Intermedium Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_furnace_active.*                      # (default: true) PLACE §6Intermedium Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_reprocessor.*                         # (default: true) PLACE §6Intermedium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.invar_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Invar Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Iridium Ore Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.iron_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Knightmetal Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Knightslime Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_crop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.lead_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lead Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.limestone_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.lumium_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lumium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.marble_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_crop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Meteoric Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.miners_torch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Miner's Torch
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Flower Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.mystical_machine_frame.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Machine Frame
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.nature_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nature Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.nether_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.nether_inferium_ore.*                             # (default: true) PLACE §eNether Inferium Ore
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.nether_prosperity_ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Nether Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_crop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.nickel_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nickel Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.osmium_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Osmium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.peridot_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Peridot Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.pig_crop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pig Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.platinum_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.prosperity_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE §aPrudentium Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_furnace_active.*                       # (default: true) PLACE §aPrudentium Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_reprocessor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE §aPrudentium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_crop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rabbit Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_crop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.redstone_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_crop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Refined Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.rubber_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.ruby_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.seed_reprocessor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.sheep_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sheep Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.signalum_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Signalum Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.silicon_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Silicon Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.silver_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silver Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.slime_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slime Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.soul_glass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Soul Glass
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.soul_glass_pane.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soul Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.soularium_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soularium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.soulstone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.soulstone.name
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Soulstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_slab_full.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.soulstone_brick_slab_full.name
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Soulstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_wall.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.soulstone_brick_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soulstone Slab
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_slab_full.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.soulstone_slab_full.name
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.spider_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spider Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.steel_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steel Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Steeleaf Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.stone_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.storage.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.storage.name
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.superium_furnace.*                                # (default: true) PLACE §bSuperium Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.superium_furnace_active.*                         # (default: true) PLACE §bSuperium Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.superium_reprocessor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE §bSuperium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.supremium_furnace.*                               # (default: true) PLACE §cSupremium Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.supremium_furnace_active.*                        # (default: true) PLACE §cSupremium Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.supremium_reprocessor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE §cSupremium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.tier1_inferium_crop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tier 1 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.tier2_inferium_crop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.tier3_inferium_crop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.tier4_inferium_crop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tier 4 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.tier5_inferium_crop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tier 5 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.tin_crop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tin Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.tinkering_table.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tinkering Table
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.titanium_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Titanium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_furnace.*                                # (default: true) PLACE §8Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_furnace_active.*                         # (default: true) PLACE §8Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_reprocessor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE §8Ultimate Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Uranium 238 Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.uranium_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_crop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.water_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Water Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.witherproof_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Witherproof Block
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.witherproof_glass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Witherproof Glass
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.wood_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wood Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellorium Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.zinc_crop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Crop
fe.protection.place.mysticalagriculture.zombie_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Crop
fe.protection.place.natura.amaranth_button.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.place.natura.amaranth_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.amaranth_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.amaranth_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.amaranth_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.barley_crop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.barley_crop.name
fe.protection.place.natura.blaze_hopper.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Hopper
fe.protection.place.natura.blaze_rail.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.natura.blaze_rail_activator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.natura.blaze_rail_detector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.natura.blaze_rail_golden.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.place.natura.bloodwood_button.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Button
fe.protection.place.natura.bloodwood_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.bloodwood_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.bloodwood_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.bloodwood_trap_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.bluebells_flower.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bluebells
fe.protection.place.natura.clouds.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.clouds.name
fe.protection.place.natura.colored_grass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.colored_grass.name
fe.protection.place.natura.colored_grass_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.colored_grass_slab.name
fe.protection.place.natura.colored_grass_stairs_autumnal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Autumnal Grass Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.colored_grass_stairs_bluegrass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bluegrass Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.colored_grass_stairs_topiary.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Topiary Grass Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.cotton_crop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.cotton_crop.name
fe.protection.place.natura.darkwood_button.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.place.natura.darkwood_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.darkwood_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.darkwood_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.darkwood_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.eucalyptus_button.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.place.natura.eucalyptus_fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.eucalyptus_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.eucalyptus_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.fusewood_button.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.place.natura.fusewood_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.fusewood_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.fusewood_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.fusewood_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.ghostwood_button.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.place.natura.ghostwood_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.ghostwood_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.ghostwood_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.ghostwood_trap_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.hopseed_button.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.place.natura.hopseed_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.hopseed_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.hopseed_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.hopseed_trap_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.lit_netherrack_furnace.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.place.natura.maple_button.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Maple Button
fe.protection.place.natura.maple_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.maple_fence_gate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.maple_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.maple_trap_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Maple Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_berrybush_blightberry.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blightberry Bush
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_berrybush_duskberry.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Duskberry Bush
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_berrybush_skyberry.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Skyberry Bush
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_berrybush_stingberry.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stingberry Bush
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_blue_large_glowshroom.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_blue_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_bookshelves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_bookshelves.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_button.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_door_bloodwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.nether_door_bloodwood.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_door_darkwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.nether_door_darkwood.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_door_fusewood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.nether_door_fusewood.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_door_ghostwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.nether_door_ghostwood.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_glass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_glass.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_glowshroom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_green_large_glowshroom.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_green_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_heat_sand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sand
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_leaves.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_leaves2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_leaves2.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_lever.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_logs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_logs.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_logs2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_planks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_planks.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_pressure_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_purple_large_glowshroom.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_purple_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_sapling.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_sapling2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_sapling2.oak.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_slab.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_slab.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_stairs_bloodwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_stairs_darkwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_stairs_fusewood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_stairs_ghostwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_tainted_soil.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_tainted_soil.name
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_thorn_vines.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thornvines
fe.protection.place.natura.nether_workbenches.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_workbenches.name
fe.protection.place.natura.netherrack_furnace.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_berrybush_blackberry.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Bush
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_berrybush_blueberry.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_berrybush_maloberry.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Maloberry Bush
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_berrybush_raspberry.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_bookshelves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_bookshelves.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_door_eucalyptus.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_door_hopseed.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_hopseed.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_door_maple.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_maple.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_door_redwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_redwood.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_door_redwood_bark.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_redwood_bark.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_door_sakura.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_sakura.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_door_silverbell.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_silverbell.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_door_tiger.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_tiger.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_leaves2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_leaves2.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_logs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_logs.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_logs2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_logs2.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_planks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_planks.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_sapling2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_sapling2.oak.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_slab.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_slab2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_stairs_amaranth.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_stairs_eucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_stairs_hopseed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_stairs_maple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_stairs_redwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_stairs_sakura.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_stairs_silverbell.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_stairs_tiger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_stairs_willow.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.place.natura.overworld_workbenches.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_workbenches.name
fe.protection.place.natura.redwood_button.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Button
fe.protection.place.natura.redwood_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.redwood_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.redwood_leaves.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.natura.redwood_logs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood_logs.name
fe.protection.place.natura.redwood_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.redwood_sapling.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.place.natura.redwood_trap_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.respawn_obelisk.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.respawn_obelisk.name
fe.protection.place.natura.saguaro.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.place.natura.saguaro_baby.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Baby Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.place.natura.saguaro_fruit.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.place.natura.sakura_button.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Button
fe.protection.place.natura.sakura_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.sakura_fence_gate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.sakura_pressure_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.sakura_trap_door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.silverbell_button.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.place.natura.silverbell_fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.silverbell_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.silverbell_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.silverbell_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.tiger_button.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Button
fe.protection.place.natura.tiger_fence.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.tiger_fence_gate.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.tiger_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.tiger_trap_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Trap Door
fe.protection.place.natura.willow_button.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Willow Button
fe.protection.place.natura.willow_fence.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence
fe.protection.place.natura.willow_fence_gate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.natura.willow_pressure_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.natura.willow_trap_door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Willow Trap Door
fe.protection.place.netherendingores.block_end_endermite.*                                # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Endermite Monster Egg
fe.protection.place.netherendingores.block_nether_netherfish.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack Netherfish Monster Egg
fe.protection.place.netherendingores.creative_tab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Creative Tab Block
fe.protection.place.netherendingores.ore_end_modded_1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_end_modded_1.name
fe.protection.place.netherendingores.ore_end_modded_2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_end_modded_2.name
fe.protection.place.netherendingores.ore_end_vanilla.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_end_vanilla.name
fe.protection.place.netherendingores.ore_nether_modded_1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_modded_1.name
fe.protection.place.netherendingores.ore_nether_modded_2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_modded_2.name
fe.protection.place.netherendingores.ore_nether_vanilla.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_vanilla.name
fe.protection.place.netherendingores.ore_other_1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_other_1.name
fe.protection.place.omlib.network_cable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.network_cable.name
fe.protection.place.openblocks.auto_anvil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.place.openblocks.auto_enchantment_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.openblocks.beartrap.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.place.openblocks.big_button.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Big Button
fe.protection.place.openblocks.big_button_wood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Big Button
fe.protection.place.openblocks.block_breaker.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.place.openblocks.block_placer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.place.openblocks.builder_guide.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.place.openblocks.cannon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.place.openblocks.canvas.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.place.openblocks.canvas_glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.place.openblocks.donation_station.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.place.openblocks.drawing_table.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.place.openblocks.elevator.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.place.openblocks.elevator_rotating.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.place.openblocks.fan.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.place.openblocks.flag.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.place.openblocks.golden_egg.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.place.openblocks.grave.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.place.openblocks.guide.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.place.openblocks.heal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.place.openblocks.imaginary.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.place.openblocks.item_dropper.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.place.openblocks.ladder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.place.openblocks.paint_can.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.place.openblocks.paint_mixer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.place.openblocks.path.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.place.openblocks.projector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.place.openblocks.rope_ladder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.place.openblocks.scaffolding.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.place.openblocks.sky.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.place.openblocks.sponge.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.openblocks.sprinkler.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.openblocks.tank.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.place.openblocks.target.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.place.openblocks.trophy.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.place.openblocks.vacuum_hopper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.place.openblocks.village_highlighter.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.place.openblocks.xp_bottler.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.place.openblocks.xp_drain.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.place.openblocks.xp_shower.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.adapter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.assembler.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.cable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.capacitor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.carpetedcapacitor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.case1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.case2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.case3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.casecreative.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.chameliumblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.charger.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.disassembler.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.diskdrive.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.endstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.geolyzer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.hologram1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.hologram2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.keyboard.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.microcontroller.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.motionsensor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.netsplitter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.powerconverter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.powerdistributor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.print.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.printer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.rack.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.raid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.redstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.relay.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.robot.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE robot.name
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.robotafterimage.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.screen1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.screen2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.screen3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.transposer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.waypoint.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.base_addon.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.base_addon.name
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.disposable_item_turret.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.expander.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.expander.name
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.grenade_turret.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.incendiary_turret.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.laser_turret.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Laser Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.lever_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.machine_gun_turret.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gun Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.potato_cannon_turret.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.rail_gun_turret.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.relativistic_turret.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.rocket_turret.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.teleporter_turret.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.place.openmodularturrets.turret_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base
fe.protection.place.planetprogression.advanced_launch_pad.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.place.planetprogression.advanced_launch_pad_full.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.place.planetprogression.block_multi.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.place.planetprogression.satellite_builder.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Satellite Builder
fe.protection.place.planetprogression.satellite_controller.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Satellite Controller
fe.protection.place.planetprogression.satellite_launcher.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Satellite Rocket Launch Module
fe.protection.place.planetprogression.telescope.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Telescope
fe.protection.place.planetprogression.telescope_fake_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.telescope_fake_block.name
fe.protection.place.playerplates.invisible_mossy_plate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobble Pressure Plate (Invisible)
fe.protection.place.playerplates.invisible_obsidian_plate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Pressure Plate (Invisible)
fe.protection.place.playerplates.mossy_plate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobble Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.playerplates.obsidian_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.plethora.manipulator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Manipulator
fe.protection.place.plethora.redstone_integrator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone integrator
fe.protection.place.plustic.alumiteblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Alumite Block
fe.protection.place.plustic.invarblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Invar Block
fe.protection.place.plustic.mirionblock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mirion Block
fe.protection.place.plustic.osgloglasblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Osgloglas Block
fe.protection.place.plustic.osmiridiumblock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Osmiridium Block
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_alumite.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_desh.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Desh
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_elementium.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_manasteel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_mirion.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mirion
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_osgloglas.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Osgloglas
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_osmiridium.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Osmiridium
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_osmium.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Osmium
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_refinedglowstone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Refined Glowstone
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_refinedobsidian.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Refined Obsidian
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_terrasteel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.place.plustic.plustic.molten_thaumium.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Thaumium
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.advanced_air_compressor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Air Compressor
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.advanced_liquid_compressor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.advanced_pressure_tube.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Pressure Tube
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.aerial_interface.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Aerial Interface
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.air_cannon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Air Cannon
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.air_compressor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Air Compressor
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.aphorism_tile.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aphorism Tile
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.assembly_controller.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Controller
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.assembly_drill.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Drill
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.assembly_io_unit.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Assembly IO Unit
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.assembly_laser.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Laser
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.assembly_platform.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Platform
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.charging_station.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Charging Station
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.compressed_iron_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Compressed Iron
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.creative_compressor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Creative Compressor
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.drone_interface.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Drone Interface
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.drone_redstone_emitter.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.drone_redstone_emitter.name
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.electric_compressor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Electric Compressor
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.electrostatic_compressor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Electrostatic Compressor
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.elevator_base.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Base
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.elevator_caller.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Caller
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.elevator_frame.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Frame
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.fake_ice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fake_ice.name
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.fluid.diesel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diesel
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.fluid.etchacid.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Etching Acid
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.fluid.kerosene.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kerosene
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.fluid.lpg.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE LPG
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.fluid.lubricant.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lubricant
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.fluid.plastic.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Plastic
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.flux_compressor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flux Compressor
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.gas_lift.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gas Lift
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.heat_sink.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sink
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.kerosene_lamp.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Kerosene Lamp
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.kerosene_lamp_light.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.kerosene_lamp_light.name
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.liquid_compressor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.liquid_hopper.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Hopper
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.omnidirectional_hopper.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Omnidirectional Hopper
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.plastic_mixer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Mixer
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_door.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Door
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_door_base.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Door Base
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_dynamo.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Dynamo
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_generator.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Generator
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_glass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Glass
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_interface.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Interface
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_valve.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Valve
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_wall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Wall
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.pressure_tube.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Tube
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.programmable_controller.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Programmable Controller
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.programmer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Programmer
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.refinery.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.security_station.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Security Station
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.sentry_turret.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sentry Turret
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.thermal_compressor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thermal Compressor
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.thermopneumatic_processing_plant.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Thermopneumatic Processing Plant
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.universal_sensor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Universal Sensor
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.uv_light_box.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE UV Light Box
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.vacuum_pump.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Pump
fe.protection.place.pneumaticcraft.vortex_tube.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Tube
fe.protection.place.portalgun.block_portal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.portalgun.block.portal.name
fe.protection.place.powersuits.liquid_nitrogen.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.powersuits.liquid_nitrogen.name
fe.protection.place.powersuits.luxcapacitor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.place.powersuits.tinkertable.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.place.projectred-expansion.machine1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-expansion.machine2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-exploration.barrel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-exploration.ore.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-exploration.stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-exploration.stone_wall.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stoneWall.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-fabrication.ic_machine.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.fabrication.icMachine.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-illumination.lamp.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-relocation.blockmovingrow.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-relocation.frame.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.relocation.frame.name
fe.protection.place.quark.acacia_button.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.acacia_button.name
fe.protection.place.quark.acacia_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.acacia_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.place.quark.acacia_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.acacia_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.place.quark.andesite_speleothem.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.andesite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_acacia_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_acacia_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_acacia_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_acacia_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_acacia_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_acacia_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_acacia_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_acacia_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_birch_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_birch_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_birch_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_birch_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_birch_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_birch_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_birch_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_birch_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_dark_oak_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_dark_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_dark_oak_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_dark_oak_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_dark_oak_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_dark_oak_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_dark_oak_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_dark_oak_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_jungle_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_jungle_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_jungle_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_jungle_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_jungle_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_jungle_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_jungle_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_jungle_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_oak_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_oak_slab_double.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_oak_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_oak_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_oak_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_oak_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_oak_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_spruce_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_spruce_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_spruce_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_spruce_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_spruce_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_spruce_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.bark_spruce_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_spruce_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.biome_brick.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biome_brick.name
fe.protection.place.quark.biome_cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biome_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.place.quark.birch_button.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.birch_button.name
fe.protection.place.quark.birch_pressure_plate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.birch_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.place.quark.birch_trapdoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.birch_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.place.quark.blaze_lantern.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blaze_lantern.name
fe.protection.place.quark.blaze_rod.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blaze_rod.name
fe.protection.place.quark.brick_wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.brick_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.candle.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.place.quark.carved_wood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.carved_wood.name
fe.protection.place.quark.charred_nether_brick_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.charred_nether_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.charred_nether_brick_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.charred_nether_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.charred_nether_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.charred_nether_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.charred_nether_bricks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.charred_nether_bricks.name
fe.protection.place.quark.chute.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.chute.name
fe.protection.place.quark.cobbed_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbed_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.cobbed_stone_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbed_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.cobbed_stone_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbed_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.cobbed_stone_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbed_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.cobblestone_mossy_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobblestone_mossy_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.cobblestone_mossy_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobblestone_mossy_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.cobblestone_mossy_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobblestone_mossy_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.color_slime.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.color_slime.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_black.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_black.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_blue.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_blue.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_brown.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_brown.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_cyan.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_cyan.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_gray.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_gray.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_green.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_green.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_light_blue.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_light_blue.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_lime.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_lime.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_magenta.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_magenta.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_orange.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_orange.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_pink.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_pink.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_purple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_purple.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_red.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_red.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_silver.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_silver.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_white.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_white.name
fe.protection.place.quark.colored_flowerpot_yellow.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_yellow.name
fe.protection.place.quark.crystal.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.place.quark.crystal_pane.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystal_pane.name
fe.protection.place.quark.custom_chest.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.custom_chest.name
fe.protection.place.quark.custom_chest_trap.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.custom_chest_trap.name
fe.protection.place.quark.dark_oak_button.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_oak_button.name
fe.protection.place.quark.dark_oak_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_oak_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.place.quark.dark_oak_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_oak_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.place.quark.dark_prismarine_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_prismarine_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.diorite_speleothem.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.diorite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.place.quark.duskbound_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_block.name
fe.protection.place.quark.duskbound_block_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_block_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.duskbound_block_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.duskbound_block_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.duskbound_block_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_block_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.duskbound_lantern.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_lantern.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_wall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_wall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_prismarine_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.elder_sea_lantern.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_sea_lantern.name
fe.protection.place.quark.end_bricks_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.end_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.end_bricks_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.end_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.end_bricks_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.end_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.end_bricks_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.end_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.fire_stone_brick_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.fire_stone_brick_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.fire_stone_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.fire_stone_brick_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.fire_stone_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.fire_stone_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.fire_stone_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.fire_stone_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.framed_glass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.framed_glass.name
fe.protection.place.quark.framed_glass_pane.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.framed_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.place.quark.glowcelium.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.glowcelium.name
fe.protection.place.quark.glowshroom.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.glowshroom.name
fe.protection.place.quark.glowshroom_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.glowshroom_block.name
fe.protection.place.quark.gold_button.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.gold_button.name
fe.protection.place.quark.granite_speleothem.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.granite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.place.quark.grate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.grate.name
fe.protection.place.quark.gravisand.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.gravisand.name
fe.protection.place.quark.gunpowder_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.gunpowder_block.name
fe.protection.place.quark.hardened_clay_tiles.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.hardened_clay_tiles.name
fe.protection.place.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.hardened_clay_tiles_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.hardened_clay_tiles_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.hardened_clay_tiles_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.icy_stone_brick_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.icy_stone_brick_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.icy_stone_brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.icy_stone_brick_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.icy_stone_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.icy_stone_slab_double.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.icy_stone_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.icy_stone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.iron_button.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_button.name
fe.protection.place.quark.iron_ladder.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_ladder.name
fe.protection.place.quark.iron_plate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_plate.name
fe.protection.place.quark.iron_plate_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_plate_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.iron_plate_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_plate_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.iron_plate_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_plate_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.iron_rod.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_rod.name
fe.protection.place.quark.jasper.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.jasper.name
fe.protection.place.quark.jasper_speleothem.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.jasper_speleothem.name
fe.protection.place.quark.jasper_wall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.jasper_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.jungle_button.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.jungle_button.name
fe.protection.place.quark.jungle_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.jungle_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.place.quark.jungle_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.jungle_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.place.quark.leaf_carpet.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaf_carpet.name
fe.protection.place.quark.lit_lamp.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_lamp.name
fe.protection.place.quark.magma_bricks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.magma_bricks.name
fe.protection.place.quark.magma_bricks_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.magma_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.magma_bricks_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.magma_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.magma_bricks_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.magma_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.midori_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_block.name
fe.protection.place.quark.midori_block_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_block_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.midori_block_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.midori_block_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.midori_block_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_block_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.midori_pillar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_pillar.name
fe.protection.place.quark.monster_box.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.monster_box.name
fe.protection.place.quark.nether_brick_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.nether_brick_fence_gate.name
fe.protection.place.quark.netherrack_speleothem.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherrack_speleothem.name
fe.protection.place.quark.paper_lantern.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.paper_lantern.name
fe.protection.place.quark.paper_wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.paper_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.paper_wall_big.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.paper_wall_big.name
fe.protection.place.quark.paper_wall_sakura.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.paper_wall_sakura.name
fe.protection.place.quark.polished_netherrack.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_netherrack.name
fe.protection.place.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_wall.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.polished_stone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_stone.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_bricks_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_bricks_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_bricks_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_bricks_wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_dark_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_dark_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_dark_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_dark_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_dark_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_dark_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_rough_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_rough_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.prismarine_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.purpur_block_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.purpur_block_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.quartz_wall.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartz_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.quilted_wool.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quilted_wool.name
fe.protection.place.quark.rain_detector.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.rain_detector.name
fe.protection.place.quark.red_nether_brick_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_nether_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.red_nether_brick_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_nether_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.red_nether_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_nether_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.red_sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.red_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.red_sandstone_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.reed_block.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.reed_block.name
fe.protection.place.quark.reed_block_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.reed_block_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.reed_block_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.reed_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.reed_block_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.reed_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.reed_block_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.reed_block_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.roots.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.roots.name
fe.protection.place.quark.roots_black_flower.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.roots_black_flower.name
fe.protection.place.quark.roots_blue_flower.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.roots_blue_flower.name
fe.protection.place.quark.roots_white_flower.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.roots_white_flower.name
fe.protection.place.quark.rope.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.rope.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandstone_new.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_new.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandstone_wall.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandy_bricks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandy_bricks.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandy_bricks_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandy_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandy_bricks_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandy_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandy_bricks_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandy_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sandy_bricks_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandy_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.slate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.slate.name
fe.protection.place.quark.slate_speleothem.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.slate_speleothem.name
fe.protection.place.quark.slate_wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slate_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.smoker.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.smoker.name
fe.protection.place.quark.snow_bricks.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.snow_bricks.name
fe.protection.place.quark.snow_bricks_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.snow_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.snow_bricks_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.snow_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.snow_bricks_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.snow_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.snow_bricks_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.snow_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.soul_sandstone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.soul_sandstone_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.soul_sandstone_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.soul_sandstone_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.soul_sandstone_wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.spruce_button.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.spruce_button.name
fe.protection.place.quark.spruce_pressure_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.spruce_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.place.quark.spruce_trapdoor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.spruce_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab_double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_black_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_black_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_black_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_black_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_black_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_black_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_blue_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_blue_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_blue_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_brown_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_brown_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_brown_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_brown_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_brown_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_brown_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_cyan_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_cyan_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_cyan_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_cyan_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_cyan_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_cyan_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_gray_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_gray_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_gray_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_gray_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_gray_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_gray_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_green_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_green_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_green_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_green_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_green_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_green_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_light_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_light_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_light_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_lime_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_lime_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_lime_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_lime_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_lime_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_lime_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_magenta_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_magenta_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_magenta_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_magenta_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_magenta_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_magenta_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_orange_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_orange_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_orange_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_orange_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_orange_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_orange_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_pink_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_pink_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_pink_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_pink_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_pink_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_pink_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_purple_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_purple_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_purple_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_purple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_purple_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_purple_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_red_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_red_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_red_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_red_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_red_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_red_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_silver_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_silver_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_silver_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_silver_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_silver_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_silver_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_white_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_white_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_white_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_white_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_white_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_white_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_yellow_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_yellow_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_yellow_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_yellow_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stained_planks_yellow_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_yellow_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_wall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_andesite_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_andesite_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_andesite_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_andesite_wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_diorite_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_diorite_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_diorite_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_diorite_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_granite_bricks_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_granite_bricks_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_granite_bricks_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_granite_bricks_wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_granite_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_granite_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_granite_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_granite_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_jasper_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_jasper_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_jasper_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_slate_bricks_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_slate_bricks_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_slate_bricks_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_slate_bricks_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_slate_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_slate_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_slate_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_speleothem.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_speleothem.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_stairs.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stone_wall.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stonebrick_mossy_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonebrick_mossy_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stonebrick_mossy_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonebrick_mossy_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stonebrick_mossy_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonebrick_mossy_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stonebrick_mossy_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonebrick_mossy_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.stonebrick_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonebrick_wall.name
fe.protection.place.quark.sugar_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.sugar_block.name
fe.protection.place.quark.thatch.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.place.quark.thatch_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.thatch_slab_double.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.thatch_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.turf.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.turf.name
fe.protection.place.quark.turf_slab.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.turf_slab.name
fe.protection.place.quark.turf_slab_double.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.turf_slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.quark.turf_stairs.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.turf_stairs.name
fe.protection.place.quark.vertical_planks.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.vertical_planks.name
fe.protection.place.quark.vertical_stained_planks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.vertical_stained_planks.name
fe.protection.place.quark.world_stone_bricks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.world_stone_bricks.name
fe.protection.place.quark.world_stone_carved.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.world_stone_carved.name
fe.protection.place.quark.world_stone_pavement.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.world_stone_pavement.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.abyssal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.abyssal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.abyssal_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.abyssal_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.abyssal.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.abyssal_paver_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.abyssal_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.abyssal.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.abyssal_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone
fe.protection.place.railcraft.actuator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.actuator.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.admin_steam_producer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Admin Steam Producer
fe.protection.place.railcraft.andesite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.andesite.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.anvil.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.badlands.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.badlands.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.badlands_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Badlands Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.badlands_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.badlands.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.badlands_paver_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Badlands Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.badlands_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.badlands.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.battery_nickel_iron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nickel-Iron Battery
fe.protection.place.railcraft.battery_nickel_zinc.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nickel-Zinc Battery
fe.protection.place.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.place.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon_empty.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Expended Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.place.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.place.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver_empty.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Expended Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.place.railcraft.blast_furnace.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blast Furnace Brick
fe.protection.place.railcraft.bleachedbone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.bleachedbone_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bleached Bone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.bleachedbone_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.bleachedbone_paver_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bleached Bone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.bleachedbone_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.bloodstained.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.bloodstained_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstained Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.bloodstained_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bloodstained.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.bloodstained_paver_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstained Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.bloodstained_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bloodstained.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.boiler_firebox_fluid.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.place.railcraft.boiler_firebox_solid.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Solid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.place.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_high.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE High Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.place.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_low.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Low Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.place.railcraft.charge_feeder.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.charge.feeder.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.charge_trap.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Charge Trap
fe.protection.place.railcraft.chest_metals.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Metals Chest
fe.protection.place.railcraft.chest_void.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Void Chest
fe.protection.place.railcraft.coke_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.railcraft.coke_oven.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.place.railcraft.coke_oven_red.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.place.railcraft.creosote.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.place.railcraft.creosote_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Creosote Wood Block
fe.protection.place.railcraft.creosote_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.creosote.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.creosote_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Creosote Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.railcraft.creosote_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Creosote Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.detector.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.diorite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.diorite.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.engine_steam_high.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Steam Engine
fe.protection.place.railcraft.engine_steam_hobby.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hobbyist's Steam Engine
fe.protection.place.railcraft.engine_steam_low.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Commercial Steam Engine
fe.protection.place.railcraft.equipment.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.equipment.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.flux_transformer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Flux Transformer
fe.protection.place.railcraft.force_track_emitter.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Force Track Emitter
fe.protection.place.railcraft.frame.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.place.railcraft.frostbound.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.frostbound.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.frostbound_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Frost Bound Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.frostbound_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.frostbound.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.frostbound_paver_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Frost Bound Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.frostbound_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.frostbound.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.generic.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.generic.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.glass.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.glass.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.granite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.granite.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.infernal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.infernal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.infernal_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.infernal_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.infernal.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.infernal_paver_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.infernal_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.infernal.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.jaded.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.jaded.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.jaded_brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.jaded_double_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.jaded.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.jaded_paver_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.jaded_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.jaded.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.jaded_stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Stone
fe.protection.place.railcraft.logbook.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Logbook
fe.protection.place.railcraft.manipulator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.manipulator.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.metal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.metal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.nether.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.nether.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.ore.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.ore_magic.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.magic.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.ore_metal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.ore_metal_poor.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.poor.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.pearlized.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.pearlized.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.pearlized_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pearlized Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.pearlized_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.pearlized.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.pearlized_paver_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pearlized Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.pearlized_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.pearlized.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.post_metal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.post_metal_platform.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.quarried.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.quarried.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.quarried_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quarried Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.quarried_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.quarried.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.quarried_paver_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Quarried Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.quarried_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.quarried.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.quarried_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Quarried Stone
fe.protection.place.railcraft.red_nether.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.red.nether.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.reinforced_concrete.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.reinforced.concrete.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.ritual.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ritual.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.rock_crusher.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rock Crusher
fe.protection.place.railcraft.sandy.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.sandy_brick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandy Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.sandy_double_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.sandy.double.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.sandy_paver_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandy Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.railcraft.sandy_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.sandy.slab.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.signal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.signal_box.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.box.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.signal_dual.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.dual.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.steam.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.railcraft.steam_oven.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Steam Oven
fe.protection.place.railcraft.steam_turbine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Steam Turbine Housing
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_iron_gauge.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Gauge
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_iron_valve.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Valve
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_iron_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Wall
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_steel_gauge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Gauge
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_steel_valve.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Valve
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_steel_wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Wall
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_water.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Water Tank Siding
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_elevator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_abandoned.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_electric.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Electric Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_high_speed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE High Speed Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_hs_electric.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE High Speed Electric Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_reinforced.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_strap_iron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Strap Iron Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_force.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.force.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_outfitted.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.outfitted.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.trade_station.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Trade Station
fe.protection.place.railcraft.wire.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Charge Shunting Wire
fe.protection.place.railcraft.worldlogic.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.place.railcraft.worldspike.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.worldspike.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.worldspike_point.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Worldspike Point
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.generic_solid.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Generic Solid
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.generic_space.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Generic Space
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.maze_generator.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Maze Generator
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.spawn_script.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Script Block
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.structure_generator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Structure Generator
fe.protection.place.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawn_command.name
fe.protection.place.redstonearsenal.storage.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.place.reforged.caltrop.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Caltrop
fe.protection.place.searedladder.seared_ladder.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Seared Ladder
fe.protection.place.statues.statue.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Statue
fe.protection.place.stevescarts.blockactivator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Module Toggler
fe.protection.place.stevescarts.blockadvdetector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.stevescarts.blockcargomanager.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Manager
fe.protection.place.stevescarts.blockcartassembler.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cart Assembler
fe.protection.place.stevescarts.blockdetector.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.place.stevescarts.blockdistributor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE External Distributor
fe.protection.place.stevescarts.blockjunction.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Junction Rail
fe.protection.place.stevescarts.blockliquidmanager.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Manager
fe.protection.place.stevescarts.blockmetalstorage.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.place.stevescarts.upgrade.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.cable.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.cable_breaker.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.cable_bud.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.cable_camouflage.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.cable_cluster.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.cable_input.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.cable_intake.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.cable_output.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.cable_relay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.cable_sign.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.place.superfactorymanager.manager.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.place.supersoundmuffler.sound_muffler.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Super Sound Muffler
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.blood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.casting.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.channel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.faucet.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Seared Faucet
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.glow.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glow
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.metal.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.milk.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.milk.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Clay
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_enderium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.enderium.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.glass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_invar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.invar.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_iridium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.iridium.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_lumium.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.lumium.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_platinum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.platinum.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_signalum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.signalum.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tin
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.ore.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.punji.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.rack.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.soil.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Amber Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bricks
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Workbench Charger
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Black Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Brown Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Gray Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Green Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lime Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pink Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purple Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crucible
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Air Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Water Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Order Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Earth Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Flux Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glimmer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sapping Field
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Static Field
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.empty.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Flesh
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.hole.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Runic Matrix
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Warded Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Void Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Log
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Log
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Common Crate
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rare Crate
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Common Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rare Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Brass Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gray Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE White Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Barrier Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Research Table
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.spa.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Spa
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Stabilizer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Rock
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Porous Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Table
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Wood Table
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Crusted Taint
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Swollen Taint
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Taint Geyser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Taintwood Log
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Rock
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Valve
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Vis Battery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vis Generator
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Void Siphon
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_greatwood.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_silverwood.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_thaumium.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Arcane Door
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_terraformer.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Terraformer
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_metal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_silverwood.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_wood.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.bars.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.bars.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.button_arcane_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Button
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.button_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Button
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.button_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Button
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.capstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.capstone.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.crab_vent.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Crusted Opening
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Lock
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock_impetus.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Lock
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.fortified_glass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fortified Glass
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.fortified_glass_pane.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fortified Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.glass_tube.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_creative.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_creative.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_diffuser.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Diffuser
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_drainer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Drainer
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_gate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Gate
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_generator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Generator
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_matrix.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Matrix
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_matrix_base.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Matrix Base
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_mirror.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Mirror
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_relay.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Relay
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.item_grate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Item Grate
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_arcane_stone.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_greatwood.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_silverwood.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.rift_barrier.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.rift_feeder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Inducer
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.rift_jar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rift in a Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.rift_monitor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Extradimensional Monitor
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.rift_mover_input.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Metaspatial Accumulator
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.rift_mover_output.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Metaspatial Extruder
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.slab.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.slab_double.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.stability_field_generator.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Stability Field Generator
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.stairs_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.stairs_eldritch_tile.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.starfield_glass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.starfield_glass.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.stone.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.strange_crystal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Strange Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.taint_flower.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Flower
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.temporary_light.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Casted Light
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.urn.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.urn.name
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.vis_regenerator.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vis Regenerator
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.void_recharge_pedestal.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Void Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_arcane_stone.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Arcane Button
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_greatwood.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Arcane Button
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_silverwood.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Arcane Button
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.warded_chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Warded Chest
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_arcane_stone.*              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_greatwood.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_silverwood.*                # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.thaumicenergistics.infusion_provider.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Infusion Provider
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.animation_tablet.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.dissimulation.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dissimulation Block
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.dummy_nitor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumictinkerer:dummy_nitor.name
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.enchantment_pillar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Enchanting Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.example.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Placeholder Block
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.funnel.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.magnet.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.mob_magnet.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Corporeal Attractor
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.nitor_vapor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumictinkerer:nitor_vapor.name
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.osmotic_enchanter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.repairer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.transvector_dislocator.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.transvector_interface.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.alkahest_vat.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Alkahest Vat
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.catalyzation_chamber.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.cinderpearl_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.coalescence_matrix.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Coalescence Matrix
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.coalescence_matrix_precursor.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Coalescence Matrix
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.creative_essentia_jar.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Creative Essentia Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.dimensional_ripper.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Ripper
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.everburning_urn.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Everburning Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.fluid_quicksilver.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.flux_capacitor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.flux_distiller.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flux Distiller
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.hexamite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hexamite
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.inspiration_engine.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Inspiration Engine
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.madness_engine.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Madness Engine
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.meaty_orb.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Meaty Orb
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.meteorb.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Meteorb
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.ore_diviner.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ore Diviner
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.placeholder_adv_alch_construct.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.placeholder_arcane_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.placeholder_obsidian.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.placeholder_thaumium_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.placeholder_void_metal_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.portal_anchor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Portal Anchor
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.portal_generator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Portal Generator
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accelerator
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator_terminus.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accelerator Terminus
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator_tunnel.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accelerator Tunnel
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.primordial_accretion_chamber.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.shimmerleaf_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.vishroom_crop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.place.thaumicwonders.void_beacon.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Void Beacon
fe.protection.place.thaumtweaks.crafter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Crafter
fe.protection.place.thermalcultivation.soil.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalcultivation.soil.name
fe.protection.place.thermaldynamics.duct_0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.thermaldynamics.duct_16.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.thermaldynamics.duct_32.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.thermaldynamics.duct_48.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.thermaldynamics.duct_64.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.place.thermalexpansion.apparatus.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.apparatus.name
fe.protection.place.thermalexpansion.cache.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.place.thermalexpansion.cell.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.place.thermalexpansion.device.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.place.thermalexpansion.dynamo.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.place.thermalexpansion.machine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.place.thermalexpansion.strongbox.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.place.thermalexpansion.tank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.fluid_aerotheum.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.fluid_crude_oil.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crude Oil
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.fluid_cryotheum.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.fluid_ender.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.fluid_glowstone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.fluid_mana.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.fluid_petrotheum.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.fluid_pyrotheum.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.fluid_redstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.glass.name
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.glass_alloy.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.glass.name
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.ore.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.ore_fluid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.rockwool.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.rockwool.name
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.storage.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.storage_alloy.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.place.thermalfoundation.storage_resource.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.place.torchmaster.dread_lamp.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dread Lamp
fe.protection.place.torchmaster.feral_flare_lantern.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Feral Flare Lantern
fe.protection.place.torchmaster.invisible_light.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.torchmaster.invisible_light.name
fe.protection.place.torchmaster.mega_torch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.torchmaster.mega_torch.name
fe.protection.place.torchmaster.terrain_lighter.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Terrain Lighter
fe.protection.place.translocators.craftinggrid.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_corner_ne.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_corner_nw.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_corner_se.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_corner_sw.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_end_e.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_end_n.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_end_s.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_end_w.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_pillar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_side_e.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_side_n.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_side_s.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.treechop.chopped_log_side_w.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.block_storage.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.canopy_button.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Button
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.canopy_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.CanopyDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.canopy_doubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.canopy_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Fence
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.canopy_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Gate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.canopy_planks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Planks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.canopy_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.canopy_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.canopy_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.canopy_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Worn Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cicada.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Log [NYI]
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_button.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.DarkDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_doubleslab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_gate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Gate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_planks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Planks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.firefly.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.force_field.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.hedge.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.iron_ladder.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ladder
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mangrove_button.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Button
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mangrove_door.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.MangroveDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mangrove_doubleslab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mangrove_fence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mangrove_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Gate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mangrove_planks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Planks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mangrove_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mangrove_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mangrove_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mangrove_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mine_button.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Button
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mine_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.MineDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mine_doubleslab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mine_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Fence
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mine_gate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Gate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mine_planks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Planks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mine_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mine_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mine_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.mine_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.root.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.slider.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.sort_button.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Button
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.sort_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.SortDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.sort_doubleslab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.sort_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Fence
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.sort_gate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Gate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.sort_planks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Planks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.sort_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.sort_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.sort_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.sort_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.stone_twist.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.StonePillar.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.stone_twist_thin.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.StonePillarThin.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stronghold Shield
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.terrorcotta_circle.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Terrorcotta (Circular)
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.terrorcotta_diagonal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terrorcotta (Diagonal)
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.thorns.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.time_button.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Button
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.time_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.TimeDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.time_doubleslab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.time_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Fence
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.time_gate.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Gate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.time_planks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Planks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.time_plate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.time_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.time_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.time_trapdoor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.tower_device.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trans_button.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Button
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trans_door.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.TransDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trans_doubleslab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trans_fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Fence
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trans_gate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Gate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trans_planks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Planks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trans_plate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trans_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trans_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trans_trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trollber.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trophy.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_oak_button.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Button
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_oak_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.TwilightOakDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_oak_doubleslab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_oak_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_oak_gate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Gate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_oak_planks.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Planks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_oak_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_oak_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_oak_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Stairs
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_oak_trapdoor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.place.worldcontrol.extremereactormonitor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Extreme Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.place.worldcontrol.howler_alarm.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Howler Alarm
fe.protection.place.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_monitor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE IC2 Thermal Monitor
fe.protection.place.worldcontrol.ic2_remote_reactor_monitor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.worldcontrol.ic2_remote_reactor_monitor.name
fe.protection.place.worldcontrol.industrial_alarm.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Alarm
fe.protection.place.worldcontrol.info_panel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Basic Info Panel
fe.protection.place.worldcontrol.info_panel_advanced.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.worldcontrol.worldcontrol:info_panel_advanced.name
fe.protection.place.worldcontrol.info_panel_extender.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Basic Info Panel Extender
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.altar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.apothecary_cauldron.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.apothecary_mortar.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.fertile_lilypad.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fertile_lilypad.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.interdiction_torch.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.pedestal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pedestal.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.pedestal_passive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pedestal_passive.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.wraith_node.name
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.batterycomputerport.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.batterycontroller.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Battery Controller
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.batteryelectrode.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Battery Electrode
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.batteryglass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Battery Glass
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.batterypowertap.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.batterywall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Battery Wall
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.blockgraphite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Graphite
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.ecatalogue.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE E-Catalogue
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.nfcprogrammer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE NFC Programmer
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.nfcreader.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE NFC Reader
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.quarryfixer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Quarry Fixer
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE FU Meter
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.smartcardterminalblock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Smart Card Terminal [WIP]
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sulfurousacid.name
fe.protection.place.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Variable Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.trample.*                                                                   # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.additionalpipes.teleport_tether.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Teleport Tether
fe.protection.trample.advanced_machines.machines.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE advanced_machines.machines
fe.protection.trample.advanced_solar_panels.machines.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE advanced_solar_panels.machines
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.encoder.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pattern Encoder
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.grower.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Chamber
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.inscriber.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.ae2stuff.wireless.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Connector
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                          # (default: true) PLACE §a16k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                           # (default: true) PLACE §61k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                           # (default: true) PLACE §e4k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                          # (default: true) PLACE §b64k§r Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                               # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                              # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*             # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.trample.aquaacrobatics.bubble_column.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tile.aquaacrobatics.bubble.column.name.name
fe.protection.trample.aroma1997sdimension.miningore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.aroma1997sdimension:miningOre.name
fe.protection.trample.aroma1997sdimension.miningportal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.aroma1997sdimension.portalframe.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Portal Frame
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bell.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.case.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.clock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.desk.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Disc Rack
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.label.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.seat.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.table.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.blockblutonium.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blutonium Block
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.blockcyanite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cyanite Block
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.blockgraphite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Graphite Block
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.blockludicrite.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ludicrite Block
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.blocksteel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Steel Block
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.blockyellorium.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Yellorium Block
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.cyanite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bigreactors:cyanite.name
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.oreanglesite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Anglesite Ore
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.orebenitoite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Benitoite Ore
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.oreyellorite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellorite Ore
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactoraccessport.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Access Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorcasing.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Casing (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorcomputerport.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Computer Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorcontroller.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Controller (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorcontrolrod.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Control Rod (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorcoolantport.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Coolant Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorcreativecoolantport.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Creative Coolant Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorfuelrod.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Fuel Rod (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorglass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Glass (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorpowertaprf.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Redstone Flux Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorpowertaptesla.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Tesla Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorrednetport.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Reactor RedNet Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.reactorredstoneport.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reactor Redstone Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbinebearing.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Rotor Bearing (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbinecomputerport.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Computer Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbinecontroller.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Controller (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbinecreativesteamgenerator.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Creative Steam Generator (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbinefluidport.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Fluid Port (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbineglass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Glass (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbinehousing.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Housing (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbinepowertaprf.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Redstone Flux Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbinepowertaptesla.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Tesla Power Tap (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbinerotorblade.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Rotor Blade (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.turbinerotorshaft.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turbine Rotor Shaft (Legacy)
fe.protection.trample.bigreactors.yellorium.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bigreactors:yellorium.name
fe.protection.trample.binniecore.storage.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Fire
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bramble
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dried Sand
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE White Sand
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Willow Vine
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Framed Block
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_block_reinforced.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Block
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_door.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Framed Door
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_door_reinforced.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Door
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_double_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.editable_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_double_slab_reinforced.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.editable_double_slab_reinforced.name
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Framed Fence
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_fence_reinforced.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Fence
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_inner_corner.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Framed Inner Corner
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_inner_corner_reinforced.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Inner Corner
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_outer_corner.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Framed Outer Corner
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_outer_corner_reinforced.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Outer Corner
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_all.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Framed Pressure Plate (All)
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_all_reinforced.*              # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (All)
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_items.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Framed Pressure Plate (Items)
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_items_reinforced.*            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Items)
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_mobs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Framed Pressure Plate (Mobs)
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_mobs_reinforced.*             # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Mobs)
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_player.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Framed Pressure Plate (Players)
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_pressure_plate_player_reinforced.*           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Pressure Plate (Players)
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Framed Slab
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_slab_reinforced.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Slab
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_slant.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Framed Slant
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_slant_reinforced.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Slant
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Framed Stairs
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_stairs_reinforced.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Stairs
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_trap_door.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_trap_door_reinforced.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Framed Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.editable_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.blockcraftery.editable_wall_reinforced.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.editable_wall_reinforced.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.alchemy_array.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Array
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.alchemy_table.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Alchemy Table
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.altar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blood Altar
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.blood_light.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blood Light
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.blood_rune.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.rune..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.blood_tank.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blood Tank
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.decorative_brick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_brick_1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.bricks1..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_brick_2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.bricks2..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_crucible.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Demon Crucible
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_crystal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.demonCrystal..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_crystallizer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Demon Crystallizer
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_extras.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.extras..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_light.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.demonlight..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.pillar1..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.pillar2..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap1..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap2..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_pillar_cap_3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.pillarCap3..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_pylon.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Demon Pylon
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.stairs1..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.stairs2..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_stairs_3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.stairs3..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.demon_wall_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.wall1..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.dimensional_portal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Portal
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.incense_altar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Incense Altar
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.input_routing_node.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Input Routing Node
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.inversion_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.inversionpillar..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.inversion_pillar_end.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.inversionpillarend..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.item_routing_node.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Routing Node
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.life_essence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Life Essence
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.master_routing_node.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Master Routing Node
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.mimic.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.mimic..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.output_routing_node.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Output Routing Node
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.path.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.path..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.phantom.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Block
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.ritual_controller.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.stone.ritual..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.ritual_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.ritualStone..name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.soul_forge.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hellfire Forge
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.spectral.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bloodmagic.spectral.name
fe.protection.trample.bloodmagic.teleposer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Teleposer
fe.protection.trample.botania.alchemycatalyst.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.alfheimportal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.altar.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.altgrass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.animatedtorch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.animatedTorch.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.avatar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.bellows.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.trample.botania.bifrost.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.bifrostperm.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.bifrostpermpane.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea0slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea0slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea0stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea0wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea10slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea10slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea10stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea11slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea11slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea11stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea12slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea12slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea12stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea13slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea13slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea13stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea14slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea14slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea14stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea15slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea15slabfull.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea15stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea1slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea1slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea1stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea2slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea2slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea2stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea3slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea3slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea3stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea4slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea4slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea4stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea5slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea5slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea5stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea6slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea6slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea6stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea7slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea7slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea7stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea8slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea8slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea8stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea9slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea9slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea9stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb0slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb0slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb0stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb1slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb1slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb1stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb2slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb2slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb2stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb3slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb3slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb3stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb4slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb4slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb4stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb5slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb5slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb5stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb6slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb6slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb6stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb7slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb7slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb7stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.blazeblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.brewery.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.buriedpetals.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.cacophoniumblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.cellblock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.cocoon.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.conjurationcatalyst.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.corporeacrystalcube.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.corporeafunnel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.corporeaindex.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.corporeainterceptor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.corporearetainer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.custombrick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.distributor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.trample.botania.doubleflower1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.doubleflower2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood0slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood0slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood0stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood0wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood1slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood1slabfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood1stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.elfglass.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.elfglasspane.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.enchantedsoil.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.enchanter.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.endereyeblock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.fakeair.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.felpumpkin.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.floatingspecialflower.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.flower.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.forestdrum.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.foresteye.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.gaiaheadblock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.ghostrail.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.hourglass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.incenseplate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.lightlauncher.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.lightrelay.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock0slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock0slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock0stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock0wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock1slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock1slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock1stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood0slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood0slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood0stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood0wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood1slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood1slabfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood1stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.manabomb.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.manadetector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.manaflame.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.managlass.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.managlasspane.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.manavoid.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.miniisland.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.mushroom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.botania.opencrate.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement0slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement0slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement0stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement1slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement1slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement1stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement2slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement2slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement2stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement3slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement3slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement3stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement4slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement4slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement4stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement5slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement5slabfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement5stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.petalblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pistonrelay.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.platform.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hydraulic Platform
fe.protection.trample.botania.pool.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.prism.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pump.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pylon.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabblazefull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabblazehalf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabdarkfull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabdarkhalf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabelffull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabelfhalf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslablavenderfull.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslablavenderhalf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabmanafull.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabmanahalf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabredfull.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabredhalf.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabsunnyfull.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabsunnyhalf.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairsblaze.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairsdark.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairself.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairslavender.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairsmana.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairsred.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairssunny.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypeblaze.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypedark.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypeelf.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypelavender.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypemana.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypered.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypesunny.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringcomparator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringcontainer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringdispenser.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringfertilizer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringinterceptor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringrelay.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.rfgenerator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.root.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.runealtar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerrock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerrock0slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerrock0slabfull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerrock0stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerwoodplanks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shinyflower.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.solidvine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.sparkchanger.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.spawnerclaw.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.specialflower.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.spreader.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.starfield.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.storage.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.terraplate.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.teruterubozu.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.tinyplanetblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.tinypotato.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.turntable.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.ceramic.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.ceramicbrick.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.ceramicpattern.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.flower.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Botany Flower
fe.protection.trample.botany.flowerbed.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.flowerbed_no_weed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.flowerbed.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.loam.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.loam.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.loam_no_weed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.loam.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.machine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.plant.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.soil.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.soil_no_weed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE botany.soil.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.botany.stained.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftbuilders.architect.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.architectBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftbuilders.builder.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.builderBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftbuilders.filler.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fillerBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftbuilders.frame.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.frameBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftbuilders.library.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.libraryBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftbuilders.quarry.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.quarryBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftbuilders.replacer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.replacerBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftcore.decorated.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.decorated.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftcore.engine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.engineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftcore.marker_path.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pathMarkerBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftcore.marker_volume.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.markerBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftcore.spring.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.spring.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_0.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_0.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_1.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_1.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_dense_heat_2.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_dense_heat_2.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_0.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_0.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_1.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_1.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_gaseous_heat_2.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_gaseous_heat_2.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_0.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_0.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_1.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_1.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_light_heat_2.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_light_heat_2.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_0.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_0.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_1.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_1.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_2.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_heavy_heat_2.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_0.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_0.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_1.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_1.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_fuel_mixed_light_heat_2.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_fuel_mixed_light_heat_2.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_0.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_0.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_1.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_dense_heat_2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_dense_heat_2.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_0.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_0.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_1.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_1.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_distilled_heat_2.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_distilled_heat_2.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_0.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_1.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heat_2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heat_2.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_0.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_0.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_1.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_heavy_heat_2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_heavy_heat_2.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_0.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_0.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_1.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_1.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftenergy.fluid_block_oil_residue_heat_2.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blockFluid_oil_residue_heat_2.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftfactory.autoworkbench_item.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.autoWorkbenchBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftfactory.chute.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.chuteBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftfactory.distiller.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.distiller.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftfactory.flood_gate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.floodGateBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftfactory.heat_exchange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.heat_exchange.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftfactory.mining_well.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.miningWellBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftfactory.pump.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pumpBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftfactory.tank.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tankBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftfactory.tube.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tubeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftfactory.water_gel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.waterGel.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftrobotics.zone_planner.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.zonePlannerBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftsilicon.advanced_crafting_table.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.assemblyWorkbenchBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftsilicon.assembly_table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.assemblyTableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftsilicon.integration_table.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.integrationTableBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcraftsilicon.laser.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.laserBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcrafttransport.filtered_buffer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.filteredBufferBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.buildcrafttransport.pipe_holder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pipeHolder.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bar_stool.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bar_stool.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.basin.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Basin
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bath_bottom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bath
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bath_top.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bath
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedside_cabinet_acacia.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedside_cabinet_andesite.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedside_cabinet_birch.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedside_cabinet_dark_oak.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedside_cabinet_diorite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedside_cabinet_granite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Granite Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedside_cabinet_jungle.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedside_cabinet_oak.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedside_cabinet_spruce.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bedside_cabinet_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bedside Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bench.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Outdoor Bench
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bin.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bin
fe.protection.trample.cfm.bird_bath.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bird Bath
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blender.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blender
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_acacia_closed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_acacia_open.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_birch_closed.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_birch_open.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_closed.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oak Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_dark_oak_closed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_dark_oak_open.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_jungle_closed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_jungle_open.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_open.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oak Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_spruce_closed.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.blinds_spruce_open.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Blinds
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_acacia.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_andesite.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_birch.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_dark_oak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_diorite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_granite.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Granite Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_jungle.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_kitchen.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.cabinet_kitchen.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_oak.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oak Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_spruce.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cabinet_stone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.candle.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.trample.cfm.castle_netting.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Castle Netting
fe.protection.trample.cfm.ceiling_fan.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ceiling Fan
fe.protection.trample.cfm.ceiling_light_off.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ceiling Light
fe.protection.trample.cfm.ceiling_light_on.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ceiling Light (On)
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chair_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chair_andesite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chair_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chair_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chair_diorite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chair_granite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Granite Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chair_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chair_oak.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chair_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chair_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chimney.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chimney
fe.protection.trample.cfm.chopping_board.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Chopping Board
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffee_table_acacia.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffee_table_andesite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffee_table_birch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Birch Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffee_table_dark_oak.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffee_table_diorite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffee_table_granite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Granite Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffee_table_jungle.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffee_table_oak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oak Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffee_table_spruce.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.coffee_table_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.computer.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cookie_jar.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.trample.cfm.couch.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.couch.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.couch_jeb.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rave Couch
fe.protection.trample.cfm.counter.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.counter.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.counter_drawer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.counter_drawer.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.counter_sink.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.counter_sink.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.crate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Crate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.crate_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Crate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.crate_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Crate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.crate_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Crate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.crate_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Crate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.crate_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Crate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.cup.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.cup.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.curtains_closed.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtains_closed.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.curtains_open.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.curtains_open.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_acacia.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Desk
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_andesite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Desk
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_birch.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Birch Desk
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_cabinet_acacia.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_cabinet_andesite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_cabinet_birch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Birch Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_cabinet_dark_oak.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_cabinet_diorite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_cabinet_granite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Granite Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_cabinet_jungle.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_cabinet_oak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oak Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_cabinet_spruce.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_cabinet_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone Desk Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_dark_oak.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Desk
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_diorite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Desk
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_granite.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Granite Desk
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_jungle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Desk
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_oak.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Desk
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_spruce.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Desk
fe.protection.trample.cfm.desk_stone.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Desk
fe.protection.trample.cfm.digital_clock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Digital Clock
fe.protection.trample.cfm.dishwasher.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dishwasher
fe.protection.trample.cfm.divingboard_base.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Divingboard
fe.protection.trample.cfm.divingboard_plank.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.divingboard_plank.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.door_bell.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door Bell
fe.protection.trample.cfm.door_bell_acacia.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door Bell
fe.protection.trample.cfm.door_bell_birch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door Bell
fe.protection.trample.cfm.door_bell_dark_oak.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door Bell
fe.protection.trample.cfm.door_bell_jungle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door Bell
fe.protection.trample.cfm.door_bell_spruce.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door Bell
fe.protection.trample.cfm.door_mat.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.door_mat.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.electric_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Electric Fence
fe.protection.trample.cfm.esky.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.esky.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.fairy_light.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fairy Light
fe.protection.trample.cfm.fire_alarm_off.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fire Alarm
fe.protection.trample.cfm.fire_alarm_on.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fire Alarm (On)
fe.protection.trample.cfm.fire_pit_off.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fire Pit
fe.protection.trample.cfm.fire_pit_on.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fire Pit
fe.protection.trample.cfm.freezer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.trample.cfm.fridge.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.trample.cfm.grand_chair_bottom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grand Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.grand_chair_top.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Grand Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.grill.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grill
fe.protection.trample.cfm.hedge_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Hedge
fe.protection.trample.cfm.hedge_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Hedge
fe.protection.trample.cfm.hedge_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Hedge
fe.protection.trample.cfm.hedge_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Hedge
fe.protection.trample.cfm.hedge_oak.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Hedge
fe.protection.trample.cfm.hedge_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Hedge
fe.protection.trample.cfm.inflatable_castle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Inflatable Castle
fe.protection.trample.cfm.lamp_off.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lamp_off.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.lamp_on.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lamp
fe.protection.trample.cfm.light_switch_off.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Switch
fe.protection.trample.cfm.light_switch_on.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Switch
fe.protection.trample.cfm.mail_box.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Mail Box
fe.protection.trample.cfm.mail_box_acacia.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Mail Box
fe.protection.trample.cfm.mail_box_birch.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Birch Mail Box
fe.protection.trample.cfm.mail_box_dark_oak.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Mail Box
fe.protection.trample.cfm.mail_box_jungle.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Mail Box
fe.protection.trample.cfm.mail_box_spruce.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Mail Box
fe.protection.trample.cfm.mantel_piece.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mantelpiece
fe.protection.trample.cfm.microwave.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Microwave
fe.protection.trample.cfm.mirror.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_bed_bottom.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.modern_bed_bottom.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_bed_top.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.modern_bed_top.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_chair.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Modern Chair
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_coffee_table.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Modern Coffee Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_couch.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.modern_couch.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_light_off.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Modern Light
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_light_on.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Modern Light
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_sliding_door.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Modern Sliding Door
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_stair.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Modern Stairs
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_table.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Modern Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_table_outdoor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Modern Outdoor Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_tv.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Modern TV
fe.protection.trample.cfm.modern_window.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Modern Window
fe.protection.trample.cfm.oven.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.trample.cfm.park_bench_acacia.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Park Bench
fe.protection.trample.cfm.park_bench_birch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Birch Park Bench
fe.protection.trample.cfm.park_bench_dark_oak.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Park Bench
fe.protection.trample.cfm.park_bench_jungle.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Park Bench
fe.protection.trample.cfm.park_bench_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Park Bench
fe.protection.trample.cfm.park_bench_spruce.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Park Bench
fe.protection.trample.cfm.photo_frame.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.photo_frame.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.plate.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE Plate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.present.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.present.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.printer.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Printer
fe.protection.trample.cfm.range_hood.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oven Rangehood
fe.protection.trample.cfm.range_hood_powered.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.range_hood_powered.name
fe.protection.trample.cfm.shower_bottom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Shower
fe.protection.trample.cfm.shower_head_off.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Shower Head
fe.protection.trample.cfm.shower_head_on.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Shower Head (On)
fe.protection.trample.cfm.shower_top.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Shower
fe.protection.trample.cfm.stereo.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Stereo
fe.protection.trample.cfm.stone_path.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Path
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_acacia.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_andesite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Andesite Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_birch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_dark_oak.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_diorite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Diorite Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_granite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Granite Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_jungle.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_oak.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_outdoor.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Outdoor Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_spruce.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.table_stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Table
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tap.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tap
fe.protection.trample.cfm.toaster.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Toaster
fe.protection.trample.cfm.toilet.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Toilet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.trampoline.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Trampoline
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tree_bottom.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Christmas Tree
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tree_top.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Christmas Tree
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tv.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE TV
fe.protection.trample.cfm.tv_stand.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Modern TV Stand
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_fence_acacia.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_fence_birch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Birch Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_fence_dark_oak.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_fence_jungle.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_fence_nether_brick.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_fence_oak.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Oak Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_fence_spruce.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Upgraded Fence
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_gate_acacia.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_gate_birch.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_gate_dark_oak.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_gate_jungle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_gate_oak.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.upgraded_gate_spruce.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Upgraded Gate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.wall_cabinet.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wall Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cfm.washing_machine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Washing Machine
fe.protection.trample.cfm.white_fence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Fence
fe.protection.trample.cfm.white_gate.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Gate
fe.protection.trample.cfm.wreath.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wreath
fe.protection.trample.charset.barrel.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Barrel
fe.protection.trample.charset.stacks_decorative.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.charset.stacks.name
fe.protection.trample.charset.wire.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.chickenchunks.chunk_loader.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenchunks:chunk_loader.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.antiblock.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Antiblock
fe.protection.trample.chisel.arcane_stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.arcane_stone1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.arcane_stone2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockbronze.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockcopper.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockgold.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockinvar.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Invar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockiron.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocklead.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocknickel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocksilver.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocksteel.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocktin.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockuranium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bloodmagic.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Blood Rune
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.brownstone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_black.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Black Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Brown Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Gray Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_green.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Green Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Lime Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Orange Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Pink Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Purple Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_red.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_white.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE White Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.certus.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.certus1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.certus2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Certus Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cloud.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diamond.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dirt.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.emerald.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factory.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factory1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futura.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass1.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspane.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspane1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedblack.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedblue.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedbrown.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedcyan.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedgray.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedgreen.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedlightblue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedlightgray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedlime.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedmagenta.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedorange.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedpink.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedpurple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedred.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedwhite.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedyellow.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice1.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice2.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.icepillar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ironpane.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.chisel.laboratory.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lapis.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marblepillar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherbrick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherrack.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paper.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Paper Wall
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-birch.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-oak.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.quartz.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.quartz1.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered-scribbles.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technicalnew.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.temple.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.templemossy.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tyrian.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.valentines.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_black.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_blue.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_brown.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_gray.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_green.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lime.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_orange.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_pink.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_purple.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_red.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_white.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.bittank.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Fluid Bit Tank
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_clay.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Clay
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_cloth.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Cloth
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_fluid.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Fluid
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_glass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Glass
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_grass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Grass
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ground.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Ground
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ice.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Ice
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_iron.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Metal
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Leaves
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_packedice.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_rock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Rock
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_sand.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Sand
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_snow.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Snow
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_wood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Wood
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_black.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.black.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_blue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.blue.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_brown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.brown.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_cyan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.cyan.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_gray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.gray.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_green.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.green.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_light_blue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.light_blue.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_lime.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.lime.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_magenta.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.magenta.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_orange.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.orange.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_pink.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.pink.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_purple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.purple.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_red.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.red.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_silver.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.silver.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_white.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.white.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.yellow.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.rope.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rope and Nail
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_black.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.black.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_blue.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.blue.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_brown.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.brown.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_cyan.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.cyan.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_gray.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.gray.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_green.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.green.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_light_blue.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.light_blue.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_lime.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.lime.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_magenta.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.magenta.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_orange.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.orange.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_pink.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.pink.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_purple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.purple.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_red.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.red.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_silver.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.silver.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_white.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.white.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_yellow.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.yellow.name
fe.protection.trample.compacter.cobbler.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creative Cobble Generator
fe.protection.trample.compacter.compacter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Compacter
fe.protection.trample.compactsolars.compact_solar_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.compactsolars.compact_solar_block.name
fe.protection.trample.computercraft.advanced_modem.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Modem
fe.protection.trample.computercraft.cable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Networking Cable
fe.protection.trample.computercraft.command_computer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Command Computer
fe.protection.trample.computercraft.computer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Computer
fe.protection.trample.computercraft.peripheral.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:peripheral.name
fe.protection.trample.computercraft.turtle.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.computercraft.turtle_advanced.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.computercraft.turtle_expanded.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Turtle
fe.protection.trample.computercraft.wired_modem_full.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.computercraft:wired_modem_full.name
fe.protection.trample.computronics.audio_cable.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Audio Cable
fe.protection.trample.computronics.camera.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.trample.computronics.chat_box.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.cipher.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.colorful_lamp.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.trample.computronics.digital_box.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.computronics.digital_box.name
fe.protection.trample.computronics.digital_detector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cart Detector - Digital
fe.protection.trample.computronics.iron_note_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.locomotive_relay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.trample.computronics.radar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.trample.computronics.sound_board.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sound Board
fe.protection.trample.computronics.speaker.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.trample.computronics.speech_box.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Speech Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.tape_reader.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.trample.computronics.ticket_machine.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.trample.conarm.armorforge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Armor Forge
fe.protection.trample.conarm.armorstation.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Armor Station
fe.protection.trample.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.cabinet.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kitchen Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.cooking_table.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cooking Table
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.corner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Kitchen Corner
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.counter.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kitchen Counter
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.cow_jar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cow in a Jar
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.cutting_board.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cutting Board
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.fridge.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fridge
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.fruit_basket.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Basket
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.kitchen_floor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Kitchen Floor
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.milk_jar.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Milk Jar
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.oven.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oven
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.sink.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sink
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.spice_rack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spice Rack
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.toaster.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Toaster
fe.protection.trample.cookingforblockheads.tool_rack.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tool Rack
fe.protection.trample.crimsonwarfare.boss_activator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Altar
fe.protection.trample.culinaryconstruct.sandwich_station.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sandwich Station
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_biomesoplenty_log_4.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_0.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_3.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_4.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_5.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_6.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_7.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_8.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_9.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_0.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_1.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_2.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_3.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_4.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_5.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_6.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_7.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_8.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_extratrees_logs_fireproof_9.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_0.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_3.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_4.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_5.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_6.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_0.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_4.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_5.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_forestry_logs_fireproof_6.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_minecraft_log.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_minecraft_log2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_natura_nether_logs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_natura_overworld_logs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_natura_overworld_logs2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.debark.debarked_log_twilightforest_twilight_log.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.doge.doge_block.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Doge Block
fe.protection.trample.doge.mining_rig.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mining Rig
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_advanced_power_monitor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Graphical Power Monitor
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_alloy.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Block
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_alloy_endergy.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Endergy Alloy Block
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_alloy_smelter.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_attractor_obelisk.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Attractor Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_aversion_obelisk.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Aversion Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_broken_anvil.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Broken Dark Steel Anvil
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_buffer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_buffer.name
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_cap_bank.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_cap_bank.name
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_cold_fire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cold Fire
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_combustion_generator.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Combustion Generator
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_concussion_charge.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Concussion Charge
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_conduit_bundle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Conduit Connector
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_confusion_charge.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Confusion Charge
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_crafter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Crafter
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_creative_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Creative Spawner
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_dark_fused_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_dark_fused_quartz.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_dark_iron_bars.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_dark_paper_anvil.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Paper Anvil
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_dark_steel_anvil.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Anvil
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_dark_steel_door.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Door
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_dark_steel_ladder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Ladder
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_dark_steel_trapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_death_pouch.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dead Player
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_decoration1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Decoration Block
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_decoration2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Decoration Block
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_decoration3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Decoration Block
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_detector_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_detector_block_silent.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector (Silent)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_dialing_device.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dialing Device
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_electric_light.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Light
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enchanter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_end_iron_bars.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Steel Bars
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_ender_charge.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ender Charge
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_ender_generator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ender Generator
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enderman_skull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Skull
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_alloy_smelter.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_alloy_smelter_top.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_combustion_generator.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Combustion Generator
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_combustion_generator_top.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Combustion Generator
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_sag_mill.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced SAG Mill
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_sag_mill_top.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced SAG Mill
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_vat.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE The Enhanced Vat
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_vat_top.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE The Enhanced Vat
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_wired_charger.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Wired Charger
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_wired_charger_top.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Wired Charger
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enhanced_wireless_charger.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Wireless Charging Antenna
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enlightened_fused_glass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_exit_rail.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Exit Rail
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_experience_obelisk.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Experience Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_farm_station.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Farming Station
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_cloud_seed.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cloud Seed
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_cloud_seed_concentrated.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Concentrated Cloud Seed
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_conductive_iron.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Conductive Iron
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_construction_alloy.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron Alloy
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_dark_steel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Dark Steel
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_electrical_steel.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrical Steel
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_end_steel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten End Steel
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_ender.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Liquefied Ender Pearls
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_ender_distillation.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dew of the Void
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_energetic_alloy.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Energetic Alloy
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_fire_water.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fire Water
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_glowstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glowgas
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_hootch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hootch
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_liquid_sunshine.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Sunshine
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_nutrient_distillation.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Nutrient Distillation
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_pulsating_iron.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pulsating Iron
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_redstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Redstone
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_redstone_alloy.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Redstone Alloy
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_rocket_fuel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Fuel
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_soularium.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Soularium
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_vapor_of_levity.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fluid.vapor_of_levity.name
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fluid_vibrant_alloy.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Vibrant Alloy
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_franken_zombie_generator.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Frank'n'Zombie Generator
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fused_glass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_fused_quartz.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_gauge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Energy Gauge
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_holier_fog.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Nano-Particles
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_holy_dark_fused_glass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_holy_dark_fused_quartz.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_holy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_holy_fog.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Nano-Particles (old)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_holy_fused_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_holy_fused_quartz.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_impulse_hopper.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Impulse Hopper
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_industrial_insulation.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Insulation
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_infinity.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_infinity.name
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_infinity_fog.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Infinity Dust
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inhibitor_obelisk.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Inhibitor Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_chest_big.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Big Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_chest_enormous.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Enormous Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_chest_huge.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Huge Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_chest_large.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Large Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_chest_medium.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Medium Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_chest_small.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Small Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_chest_tiny.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Tiny Inventory System Storage
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_chest_warehouse.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Inventory System Storage Warehouse
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_chest_warehouse13.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Inventory System Storage Extended Warehouse
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_panel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Panel
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_inventory_panel_sensor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Sensor
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_killer_joe.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Killer Joe
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_lava_generator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lava Heat Exchanger
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_light_node.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_light_node.name
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_machine_base.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE (technical block)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_machine_io.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE (technical block)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_niard.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE The Niard
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_normal_wireless_charger.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charging Antenna
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_holy_dark_fused_glass.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_holy_dark_fused_quartz.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_holy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_holy_fused_glass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_holy_fused_quartz.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_pasture_dark_fused_glass.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_pasture_dark_fused_quartz.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_pasture_fused_glass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_pasture_fused_quartz.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_unholy_dark_fused_glass.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_unholy_dark_fused_quartz.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_unholy_fused_glass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_not_unholy_fused_quartz.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_omni_reservoir.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Omnivoir
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_carpet.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Painted Carpet
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_door.*                             # (default: true) PLACE item.block_painted_dark_steel_door.name
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_dark_steel_trapdoor.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Painted Dark Steel Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_double_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_fence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fence
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_fence_gate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Gate
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_fused_quartz2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_glowstone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_glowstone_solid.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Painted Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_iron_door.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE item.block_painted_iron_door.name
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_iron_trapdoor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Painted Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_packed_ice.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_packed_ice_solid.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Painted Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_pressure_plate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Painted Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_redstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Painted Redstone
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_redstone_solid.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Painted Redstone
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_reinforced_obsidian.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Painted Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_reinforced_obsidian_nonsolid.*                # (default: true) PLACE Painted Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_sand.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Painted Sand
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Painted Slab
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_stair.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stairs
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_stone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Painted Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_stone_double_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_stone_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stone Fence
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_stone_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_stone_stair.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Painted Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wall
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_wooden_door.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.block_painted_wooden_door.name
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_wooden_trapdoor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Painted Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painted_workbench.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Painted Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_painter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Painting Machine
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_pasture_dark_fused_glass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_pasture_dark_fused_quartz.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_pasture_enlightened_fused_glass.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_pasture_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_pasture_fused_glass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_pasture_fused_quartz.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_power_monitor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Power Monitor
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_powered_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Powered Spawner
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_reinforced_obsidian.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_relocator_obelisk.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Relocator Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_reservoir.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Endervoir
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_sag_mill.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE SAG Mill
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever10.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Self-resetting Lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever10i.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (10 seconds)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever30.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Self-resetting Lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever300.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Self-resetting Lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever300i.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (5 Minutes)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever30i.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (30 seconds)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever5.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Self-resetting Lever (5 seconds)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever5i.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (5 seconds)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever60.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Self-resetting Lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_self_resetting_lever60i.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Inverted Self-resetting Lever (1 Minute)
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_simple_alloy_smelter.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Simple Alloy Smelter
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_simple_crafter.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Simple Crafter
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_simple_furnace.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Simple Powered Furnace
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_simple_sag_mill.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Simple SAG Mill
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_simple_stirling_generator.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Simple Stirling Generator
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_simple_wired_charger.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Simple Wired Charger
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_slice_and_splice.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slice'N'Splice
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_solar_panel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Photovoltaic Cell
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_soul_binder.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Soul Binder
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_stirling_generator.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stirling Generator
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_tank.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_tele_pad.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Telepad Block
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_transceiver.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Transceiver
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_travel_anchor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Travel Anchor
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_unholy_dark_fused_glass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_unholy_dark_fused_quartz.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_unholy_enlightened_fused_glass.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_unholy_enlightened_fused_quartz.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Enlightened Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_unholy_fused_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quite Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_unholy_fused_quartz.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fused Quartz
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_vacuum_chest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Chest
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_vat.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE The Vat
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_weather_obelisk.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Weather Obelisk
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_wired_charger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wired Charger
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_wireless_charger.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charger
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_wireless_charger_extension.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Wireless Charging Antenna Extension
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_xp_vacuum.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE XP Vacuum
fe.protection.trample.enderio.block_zombie_generator.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Generator
fe.protection.trample.enderstorage.ender_storage.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ender_storage.name
fe.protection.trample.energyconverters.energy_bridge.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Energy Bridge
fe.protection.trample.energyconverters.energy_consumer_eu.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.energy_consumer_eu.name
fe.protection.trample.energyconverters.energy_consumer_fe.*                               # (default: true) PLACE FE Energy Consumer
fe.protection.trample.energyconverters.energy_consumer_mj.*                               # (default: true) PLACE MJ Energy Consumer
fe.protection.trample.energyconverters.energy_consumer_rf.*                               # (default: true) PLACE RF Energy Consumer
fe.protection.trample.energyconverters.energy_producer_eu.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.energy_producer_eu.name
fe.protection.trample.energyconverters.energy_producer_fe.*                               # (default: true) PLACE FE Energy Producer
fe.protection.trample.energyconverters.energy_producer_mj.*                               # (default: true) PLACE MJ Energy Producer
fe.protection.trample.energyconverters.energy_producer_rf.*                               # (default: true) PLACE RF Energy Producer
fe.protection.trample.eplus.advanced_table.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.eplus.decorative_book.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.eplus.decorative.book.name
fe.protection.trample.extrabees.alveary.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.extrabees.ectoplasm.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ectoplasm
fe.protection.trample.extrabees.hive.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.certustank.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE extracells.block.certustank.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.ecbaseblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extracells.block.ecbaseblock.name
fe.protection.trample.extracells.fluidcrafter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Assembler
fe.protection.trample.extracells.fluidfiller.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Auto Filler
fe.protection.trample.extracells.hardmedrive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blast resistant ME Drive
fe.protection.trample.extracells.vibrantchamberfluid.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.extracells.walrus.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Walrus
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.advanced_fuel_loader.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Fuel Loader
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.advanced_launch_pad.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.advanced_launch_pad_full.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.advanced_oxygen_compressor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.advanced_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.advanced_refinery.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Refinery
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ash_rock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.basic_chemical_injector.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Basic Chemical Injector
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.basic_crystallizer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Basic Crystallizer
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.basic_decontamination_unit.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Basic Decontamination Unit
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.basic_decontamination_unit_fake_block.*                # (default: true) PLACE Basic Decontamination Unit
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.basic_decrystallizer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Basic Decrystallizer
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.basic_densifier.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Basic Densifier
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.basic_purifier.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Basic Purifier
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.basic_smasher.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Basic Block Smasher
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.basic_solar_evaporation_chamber.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Basic Solar Evaporation Chamber
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.block_multi.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.cake_blocks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.cake_blocks.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.callisto.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.callisto.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.callisto_gravel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Callisto Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.candy_blocks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_blocks.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.candy_blocks_horizontal.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.candy_blocks_horizontal.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ceres.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.ceres.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ceres_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ceres_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ceres Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.clean_water.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Clean Water
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.coal_grit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Coal Grit
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.decorative_blocks.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.decorative_blocks.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.decorative_blocks2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.decorative_blocks2.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.deimos.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.deimos.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.deimos_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Deimos Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.dense_ice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.diamond_grit.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Grit
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.emerald_grit.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Grit
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.eris.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.eris.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.eris_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Eris Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.eris_spawner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_eris.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.eris_stairs_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eris Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.eris_stairs_stone_bricks.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Eris Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.eris_stairs_sub_surface.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Eris Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.eris_stairs_surface.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eris Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.europa.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.europa.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.europa_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Europa Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.fire_bomb.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fire Bomb
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.fossil.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fossil Block
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.frozen_nitrogen.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Nitrogen
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.frozen_water.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Frozen Water
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ganymede.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.ganymede.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ganymede_gravel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ganymede Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.glowstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.gold_grit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gold Grit
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.iapetus.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.iapetus.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.iapetus_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iapetus Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.infected_water.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Infected Water
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.io.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.io.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.io_gravel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Io Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.iron_grit.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Grit
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.jupiter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.jupiter.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.jupiter_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.jupiter_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_jupiter.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_stone_bricks.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_sub_surface.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.jupiter_stairs_surface.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Jupiter Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_blue_grass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Blue Grass
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_flowers.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_flowers.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_grass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Grass
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_infected_grass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Infected Grass
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_logs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_logs2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_logs2.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_maple_saplings.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.tile.kepler22b_maple_saplings.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_new_maple_leaves_2.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_planks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.kepler22b_planks.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_purple_grass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Purple Grass
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_red_grass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Red Grass
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.kepler22b_yellow_grass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Kepler 22b Yellow Grass
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.liquid_caramel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Caramel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.liquid_chocolate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Chocolate
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.liquid_hydrocarbon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Hydrocarbon
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.magma.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Magma
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.mercury.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.mercury.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.mercury_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.mercury_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_mercury.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_stone_bricks.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_sub_surface.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.mercury_stairs_surface.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mercury Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.methane.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Methane
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.neptune.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.neptune.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.neptune_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_neptune.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_stone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_stone_bricks.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_sub_surface.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.neptune_stairs_surface.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Neptune Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.nitrogen.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Nitrogen
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.nitrogen_ice.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Nitrogen Ice
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.nuclear_bomb.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nuclear Bomb
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.oberon.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.oberon.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.oberon_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oberon Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.orange_sand.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sand
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.orange_sandstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.phobos.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.phobos.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.phobos_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Phobos Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.pluto.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pluto.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.pluto_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.pluto_spawner.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_pluto.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_stone_bricks.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_sub_surface.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.pluto_stairs_surface.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pluto Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.potash.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Potash
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.radioactive_water.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Radioactive Water
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.red_sand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Sand
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.red_sandstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.rhea.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.rhea.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.rhea_gravel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rhea Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.salt.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Crystallized Water
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.saturn.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.saturn.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.saturn_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.saturn_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_saturn.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_stone_bricks.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_sub_surface.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.saturn_stairs_surface.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Saturn Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.solar.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.titan.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.titan.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.titan_gravel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Titan Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.titania.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.titania.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.titania_gravel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Titania Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t10.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tier 10 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tier 4 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t5.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tier 5 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t6.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tier 6 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t7.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tier 7 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t8.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tier 8 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.treasure_chest_t9.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tier 9 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.triton.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.triton.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.triton_gravel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Triton Gravel
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ultimate_fuel_loader.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Fuel Loader
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ultimate_oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.ultimate_refinery.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ultimate Refinery
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.uranus.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.uranus.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.uranus_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_uranus.name
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_stone_bricks.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Stone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_sub_surface.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Sub Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.uranus_stairs_surface.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Uranus Surface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.vehicle_charger.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vehicle Charger
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.volcanic_rock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Volcanic Rock
fe.protection.trample.extraplanets.white_sugar_cane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Sugar Cane Block
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.beer.ale.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ale
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.beer.corn.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Corn Beer
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.beer.lager.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lager
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.beer.rye.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rye Beer
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.beer.stout.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stout
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.beer.wheat.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wheat Beer
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.brandy.apple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Brandy
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.brandy.apricot.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Brandy
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.brandy.cherry.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Brandy
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.brandy.citrus.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Citrus Brandy
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.brandy.elderberry.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Elderberry Brandy
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.brandy.fruit.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Brandy
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.brandy.grape.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brandy
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.brandy.pear.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pear Brandy
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.brandy.plum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Plum Brandy
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.cider.apple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cider
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.cider.peach.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Peach Cider
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.ciderpear.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pear Cider
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.fermented.potatoes.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.apple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.apricot.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.banana.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Banana Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.carrot.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.cherry.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.cranberry.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.elderberry.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Elderberry Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.grapefruit.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.lemon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.lime.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.olive.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Olive Oil
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.orange.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.peach.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Peach Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.pear.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pear Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.pineapple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.plum.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plum Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.red.grape.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Grape Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.tomato.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.juice.white.grape.*                               # (default: true) PLACE White Grape Juice
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.latex.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Latex
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.almond.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Almond Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.anise.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Anise Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.banana.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Banana Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.blackberry.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.blackcurrant.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Blackcurrant Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.cherry.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.chocolate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.cinnamon.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.coffee.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.hazelnut.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Hazelnut Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.herbal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Herbal Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.lemon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.melon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Melon Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.mint.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mint Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.orange.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.peach.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Peach Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liqueur.raspberry.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Liqueur
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liquor.apple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Liquor
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liquor.apricot.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Liquor
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liquor.cherry.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Liquor
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liquor.elderberry.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Elderberry Liquor
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liquor.fruit.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Liquor
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.liquor.pear.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pear Liquor
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.mash.corn.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Corn Mash
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.mash.grain.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Grain Mash
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.mash.rye.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Rye Mash
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.mash.wheat.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fermented Wheat Mash
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.resin.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Resin
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.rum.dark.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Rum
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.rum.white.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE White Rum
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.sap.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sap
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.spirit.gin.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gin
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.spirit.neutral.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Neutral Spirit
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.spirit.sugarcane.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cachaca
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.tequila.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tequila
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.turpentine.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Turpentine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.vodka.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Vodka
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Whiskey
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.corn.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bourbon
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.rye.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rye Whiskey
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.whiskey.wheat.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wheat Whiskey
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.agave.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Agave Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.apricot.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.banana.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Banana Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.carrot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.cherry.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.citrus.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Citrus Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.cranberry.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cranberry Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.elderberry.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Elderberry Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.fortified.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fortified Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.pineapple.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.plum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Plum Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.red.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.sparkling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sparkling Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.tomato.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tomato Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.binnie.wine.white.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Wine
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.carpentry.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.carpentrypanel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.alder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.alder.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.apple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.apple.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.ash.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.ash.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.banana.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.banana.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.beech.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.beech.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.box.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.box.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.brazilwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.butternut.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.butternut.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.cedar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.cedar.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.cypress.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.cypress.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.elder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.elder.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.elm.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.elm.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.eucalyptus.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.fig.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.fig.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.fir.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.fir.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.gingko.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.gingko.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.hawthorn.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.hazel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.hazel.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.hemlock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.hemlock.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.hickory.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.hickory.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.holly.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.holly.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.hornbeam.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.iroko.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.iroko.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.locust.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.locust.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.logwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.logwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.maclura.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.maclura.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.olive.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.olive.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.pear.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.pear.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.pinkivory.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.purpleheart.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.rosewood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.rosewood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.rowan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.rowan.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.sweetgum.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.syzgium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.syzgium.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.whitebeam.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.doors.yew.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.doors.yew.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.alder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.alder.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.apple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.apple.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.ash.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.ash.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.banana.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.banana.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.beech.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.beech.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.box.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.brazilwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.butternut.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.butternut.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.cedar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.cedar.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.cypress.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.cypress.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.elder.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.elder.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.elm.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.elm.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.eucalyptus.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fig.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fig.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fir.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fir.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.alder.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.alder.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.apple.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.apple.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.ash.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.ash.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.banana.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.banana.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.beech.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.beech.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.box.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.brazilwood.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.butternut.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.butternut.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.cedar.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.cedar.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.cypress.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.cypress.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.elder.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.elder.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.elm.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.elm.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.eucalyptus.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.fig.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.fig.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.fir.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.fir.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.gingko.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.gingko.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hawthorn.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hazel.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hazel.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hemlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hemlock.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hickory.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hickory.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.holly.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.holly.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.hornbeam.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.iroko.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.iroko.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.locust.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.locust.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.logwood.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.logwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.maclura.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.maclura.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.olive.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.olive.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.pear.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.pear.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.pinkivory.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.purpleheart.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.rosewood.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.rosewood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.rowan.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.rowan.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.sweetgum.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.syzgium.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.syzgium.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.whitebeam.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.fireproof.yew.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.fireproof.yew.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.gingko.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.gingko.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.hawthorn.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.hazel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.hazel.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.hemlock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.hemlock.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.hickory.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.hickory.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.holly.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.holly.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.hornbeam.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.iroko.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.iroko.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.locust.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.locust.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.logwood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.logwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.maclura.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.maclura.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.olive.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.olive.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.pear.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.pear.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.pinkivory.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.purpleheart.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.rosewood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.rosewood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.rowan.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.rowan.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.sweetgum.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.syzgium.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.syzgium.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.whitebeam.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fence.gates.yew.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fence.gates.yew.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fences.0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fences.1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fences.2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fences.fireproof.0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fences.fireproof.1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.fences.fireproof.2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fences.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.hops.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.hops.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.decorative.0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.decorative.1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.decorative.2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.decorative.3.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.3.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.decorative.4.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.4.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.decorative.5.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.5.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.decorative.6.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.decorative.6.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.10.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.10.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.11.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.11.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.12.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.12.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.13.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.13.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.14.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.14.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.15.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.15.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.16.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.16.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.17.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.17.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.18.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.18.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.19.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.19.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.20.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.20.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.21.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.21.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.22.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.22.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.23.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.23.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.24.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.24.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.3.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.4.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.5.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.6.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.7.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.8.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.9.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.9.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.10.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.10.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.11.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.11.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.12.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.12.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.13.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.13.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.14.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.14.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.4.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.5.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.6.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.7.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.8.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.leaves.default.fruit.9.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves.default.9.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.3.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.3.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.4.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.4.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.5.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.5.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.6.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.6.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.7.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.7.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.8.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.8.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.9.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.9.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.fireproof.2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.fireproof.3.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.fireproof.4.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.fireproof.5.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.5.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.fireproof.6.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.6.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.fireproof.7.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.7.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.fireproof.8.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.8.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.logs.fireproof.9.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.logs.fireproof.9.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.machine.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.multifence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.planks.0.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.planks.1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.planks.2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.planks.fireproof.0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.planks.fireproof.1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.planks.fireproof.2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.shrub_log.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.shrub_log.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.0.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.3.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.3.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.4.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.4.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.double.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.double.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.double.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.double.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.double.2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.double.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.double.3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.double.3.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.double.4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.double.4.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.0.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.0.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.1.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.2.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.3.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.3.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.slabs.fireproof.double.4.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slabs.fireproof.double.4.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stainedglass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.alder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.alder.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.apple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.apple.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.ash.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.ash.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.banana.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.banana.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.beech.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.beech.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.box.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.box.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.brazilwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.butternut.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.butternut.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.cedar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.cedar.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.cypress.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.cypress.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.elder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.elder.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.elm.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.elm.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.eucalyptus.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fig.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fig.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fir.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fir.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.alder.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.alder.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.apple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.apple.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.ash.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.ash.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.banana.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.banana.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.beech.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.beech.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.box.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.box.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.brazilwood.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.brazilwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.butternut.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.butternut.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.cedar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.cedar.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.cypress.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.cypress.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.elder.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.elder.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.elm.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.elm.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.eucalyptus.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.fig.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.fig.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.fir.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.fir.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.gingko.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.gingko.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hawthorn.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hazel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.hazel.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hemlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.hemlock.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hickory.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.hickory.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.holly.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.holly.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.hornbeam.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.iroko.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.iroko.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.locust.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.locust.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.logwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.logwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.maclura.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.maclura.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.olive.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.olive.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.pear.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.pear.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.pinkivory.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.purpleheart.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.rosewood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.rosewood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.rowan.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.rowan.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.sweetgum.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.syzgium.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.syzgium.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.whitebeam.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.fireproof.yew.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.fireproof.yew.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.gingko.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.gingko.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.hawthorn.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.hawthorn.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.hazel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.hazel.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.hemlock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.hemlock.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.hickory.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.hickory.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.holly.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.holly.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.hornbeam.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.hornbeam.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.iroko.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.iroko.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.locust.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.locust.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.logwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.logwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.maclura.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.maclura.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.olive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.olive.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.pear.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.pear.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.pinkivory.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.pinkivory.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.purpleheart.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.purpleheart.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.rosewood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.rosewood.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.rowan.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.rowan.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.sweetgum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.sweetgum.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.syzgium.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.syzgium.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.whitebeam.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.whitebeam.name
fe.protection.trample.extratrees.stairs.yew.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stairs.yew.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.analogcrafter.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Analog Crafter
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.angelblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Angel Block
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.chunkloader.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chunk Loading Ward
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.compressedcobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:compressedcobblestone.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.compresseddirt.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:compresseddirt.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.compressedgravel.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:compressedgravel.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.compressednetherrack.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:compressednetherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.compressedsand.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:compressedsand.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.crafter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Crafter
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.creativechest.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Creative Chest
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.creativeenergy.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Source
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.creativeharvest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Creative Harvest
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.cursedearth.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cursed Earth
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.decorativebedrock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:decorativebedrock.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.decorativeglass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:decorativeglass.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.decorativesolid.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:decorativesolid.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.decorativesolidwood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:decorativesolidwood.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.drum.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Drum
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.enderlilly.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ender Lilly
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.indexer.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Indexer
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.ineffableglass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:ineffableglass.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.interactionproxy.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Porcupine
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.ironwood_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.ironwood_log.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_log.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.ironwood_planks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_planks.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.ironwood_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:ironwood_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.klein.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Klein Bottle
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.largishchest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Slightly-Larger Chest
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.machine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Machine
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.miner.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical Miner
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.minichest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mini Chest
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.moonstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Moon Stone
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.opinium.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:opinium.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.passivegenerator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:passivegenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.pipe.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.pipe_1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.pipe_2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.pipe_3.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Transfer Pipe
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.playerchest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Player Chest
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.powerbattery.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wireless RF Battery
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.poweroverload.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Power Overload
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.powertransmitter.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wireless RF Transmitter
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.quarry.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Quarry
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.quarryproxy.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Quarry Actuator
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.rainbowgenerator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:rainbowgenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.redorchid.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Orchid
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.redstoneclock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Clock
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.redstonelantern.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lantern
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.resonator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Resonator
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.scanner.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Scanner
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.screen.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Screen
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.simpledecorative.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:simpledecorative.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.spike_creative.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Creative Spikes
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.spike_diamond.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Spikes
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.spike_gold.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Golden Spikes
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.spike_iron.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Spikes
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.spike_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone Spikes
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.spike_wood.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Spikes
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.spotlight.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spotlight
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.supermobspawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Resturbed Mob Spawner
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.teleporter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:teleporter.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.terraformer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.extrautils2:terraformer.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.transferholder.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ExtraUtils2:pipe.pipe.container.name
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.trashcan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.trashcanenergy.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can (Energy)
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.trashcanfluid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Trash Can (Fluid)
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.trashchest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trash Chest
fe.protection.trample.extrautils2.user.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mechanical User
fe.protection.trample.fairylights.fastener.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.fastener.name
fe.protection.trample.forbiddenmagicre.arcane_cake.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Cake
fe.protection.trample.forbiddenmagicre.black_rose.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rose
fe.protection.trample.forbiddenmagicre.black_rose_bush.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Umbral Rosebush
fe.protection.trample.forbiddenmagicre.leaves_tainted.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Leaves
fe.protection.trample.forbiddenmagicre.log_tainted.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Log
fe.protection.trample.forbiddenmagicre.sapling_tainted.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Sapling
fe.protection.trample.forbiddenmagicre.taint_planks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Plank
fe.protection.trample.forbiddenmagicre.tainted_brick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Brick
fe.protection.trample.forbiddenmagicre.tainted_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Stone
fe.protection.trample.forbiddenmagicre.wrath_cage.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wrath Cage
fe.protection.trample.forestry.alveary.fan.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Fan
fe.protection.trample.forestry.alveary.heater.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Heater
fe.protection.trample.forestry.alveary.hygro.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Hygroregulator
fe.protection.trample.forestry.alveary.plain.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Alveary
fe.protection.trample.forestry.alveary.sieve.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Sieve
fe.protection.trample.forestry.alveary.stabiliser.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Stabiliser
fe.protection.trample.forestry.alveary.swarmer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Alveary Swarmer
fe.protection.trample.forestry.analyzer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.forestry.apiary.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.trample.forestry.arboretum.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arboretum
fe.protection.trample.forestry.ash_block_0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.forestry.ash_block_1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.forestry.ash_block_2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.forestry.ash_block_3.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.forestry.ash_brick.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ash Bricks
fe.protection.trample.forestry.ash_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ash Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.forestry.bee_chest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Apiarist's Chest
fe.protection.trample.forestry.bee_combs_0.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.bee_combs.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.bee_combs_1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.bee_combs.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.bee_house.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Bee House
fe.protection.trample.forestry.beehives.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.beehives.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.bog_earth.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.bog_earth.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.bottler.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bottler
fe.protection.trample.forestry.butterfly_chest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lepidopterist's Chest
fe.protection.trample.forestry.candle.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.candle.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.carpenter.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpenter
fe.protection.trample.forestry.centrifuge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Centrifuge
fe.protection.trample.forestry.charcoal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.forestry.climatiser.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.climatiser.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.cocoon.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.cocoon.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.cocoon.solid.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.cocoon.solid.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.database.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Database
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.acacia.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.acacia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.balsa.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.balsa.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.baobab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.baobab.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.cherry.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.cherry.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.chestnut.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.chestnut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.citrus.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.citrus.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.cocobolo.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.ebony.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.ebony.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.giganteum.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.giganteum.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.greenheart.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.greenheart.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.ipe.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.ipe.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.kapok.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.kapok.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.larch.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.larch.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.lime.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.lime.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.mahoe.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.mahoe.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.mahogany.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.mahogany.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.maple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.maple.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.padauk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.padauk.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.palm.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.palm.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.papaya.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.papaya.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.pine.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.pine.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.plum.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.plum.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.poplar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.poplar.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.sequoia.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.sequoia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.teak.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.teak.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.walnut.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.walnut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.wenge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.wenge.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.willow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.willow.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.doors.zebrawood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.for.doors.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.engine_biogas.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Biogas Engine
fe.protection.trample.forestry.engine_clockwork.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Clockwork Engine
fe.protection.trample.forestry.engine_electrical.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Electrical Engine
fe.protection.trample.forestry.engine_generator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Bio Generator
fe.protection.trample.forestry.engine_peat.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Peat-fired Engine
fe.protection.trample.forestry.escritoire.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Escritoire
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fabricator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Thermionic Fabricator
fe.protection.trample.forestry.farm_crops.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Farm
fe.protection.trample.forestry.farm_ender.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ender Farm
fe.protection.trample.forestry.farm_gourd.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gourd Farm
fe.protection.trample.forestry.farm_mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom Farm
fe.protection.trample.forestry.farm_nether.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Farm
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.acacia.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.acacia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.balsa.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.balsa.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.baobab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.baobab.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.cherry.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.cherry.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.chestnut.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.chestnut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.citrus.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.citrus.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.cocobolo.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.ebony.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.ebony.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.acacia.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.balsa.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.balsa.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.baobab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.baobab.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.cherry.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.cherry.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.chestnut.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.chestnut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.citrus.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.citrus.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.cocobolo.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.ebony.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.ebony.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.giganteum.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.giganteum.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.greenheart.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.greenheart.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.ipe.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.ipe.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.kapok.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.kapok.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.larch.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.larch.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.lime.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.lime.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.mahoe.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.mahoe.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.mahogany.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.mahogany.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.maple.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.maple.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.padauk.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.padauk.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.palm.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.palm.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.papaya.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.papaya.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.pine.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.pine.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.plum.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.plum.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.poplar.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.poplar.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.sequoia.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.sequoia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.teak.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.teak.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.walnut.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.walnut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.wenge.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.wenge.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.willow.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.willow.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.fireproof.zebrawood.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.fireproof.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.giganteum.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.giganteum.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.greenheart.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.greenheart.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.ipe.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.ipe.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.kapok.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.kapok.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.larch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.larch.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.lime.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.lime.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.mahoe.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.mahoe.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.mahogany.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.mahogany.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.maple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.maple.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.padauk.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.padauk.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.palm.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.palm.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.papaya.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.papaya.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.pine.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.pine.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.plum.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.plum.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.poplar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.poplar.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.sequoia.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.sequoia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.teak.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.teak.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.birch.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.birch.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.oak.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.walnut.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.walnut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.wenge.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.wenge.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.willow.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.willow.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fence.gates.zebrawood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fence.gates.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fences.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fences.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fences.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fences.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fences.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.fences.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fermenter.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Fermenter
fe.protection.trample.forestry.ffarm.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.ffarm.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fluid.bio.ethanol.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ethanol
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fluid.biomass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Biomass
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fluid.for.honey.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Honey
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fluid.glass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Glass
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fluid.ice.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Crushed Ice
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fluid.juice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Juice
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fluid.milk.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fluid.seed.oil.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Seed Oil
fe.protection.trample.forestry.fluid.short.mead.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Short Mead
fe.protection.trample.forestry.genetic_filter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Filter
fe.protection.trample.forestry.greenhouse.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.greenhouse.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.greenhouse.window.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Greenhouse Window
fe.protection.trample.forestry.greenhouse.window_up.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Greenhouse Roof Window
fe.protection.trample.forestry.habitat_former.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Habitat Former
fe.protection.trample.forestry.humus.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Humus
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.decorative.0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.decorative.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.decorative.1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.decorative.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.decorative.2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.decorative.2.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.2.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.3.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.4.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.5.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.5.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.6.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.6.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.7.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.7.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.8.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.8.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.fruit.0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.fruit.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.leaves.default.fruit.1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.leaves.default.fruit.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.loam.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Loam
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.0.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.1.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.2.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.2.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.3.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.3.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.4.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.4.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.5.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.5.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.6.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.6.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.7.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.7.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.fireproof.0.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.fireproof.1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.fireproof.2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.fireproof.3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.fireproof.4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.4.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.fireproof.5.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.5.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.fireproof.6.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.6.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.fireproof.7.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.fireproof.7.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.logs.vanilla.fireproof.1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.logs.vanilla.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.mailbox.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mailbox
fe.protection.trample.forestry.moistener.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Moistener
fe.protection.trample.forestry.mushroom.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.mushroom.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.peat_bog.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Peat Bog
fe.protection.trample.forestry.planks.0.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.planks.1.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.planks.fireproof.0.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.planks.fireproof.1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.planks.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.planks.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.pods.banana.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.banana.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.pods.cocoa.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.cocoa.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.pods.coconut.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.coconut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.pods.dates.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.dates.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.pods.papaya.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.papaya.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.pods.plantain.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.plantain.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.pods.red_banana.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.pods.red_banana.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.rainmaker.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rainmaker
fe.protection.trample.forestry.raintank.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rain Tank
fe.protection.trample.forestry.resource_storage.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resource_storage.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.resources.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.resources.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.sapling_ge.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.sapling_ge.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.0.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.1.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.2.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.2.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.3.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.3.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.double.0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.double.1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.double.2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.2.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.double.3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.3.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.double.fireproof.3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.double.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.fireproof.0.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.fireproof.1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.1.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.fireproof.2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.2.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.fireproof.3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.fireproof.3.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.vanilla.double.fireproof.0.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.vanilla.double.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.slabs.vanilla.fireproof.0.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.slabs.vanilla.fireproof.0.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.squeezer.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Squeezer
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.acacia.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.acacia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.balsa.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.balsa.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.baobab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.baobab.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.cherry.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.cherry.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.chestnut.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.chestnut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.citrus.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.citrus.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.cocobolo.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.ebony.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.ebony.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.acacia.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.balsa.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.balsa.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.baobab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.baobab.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.cherry.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.cherry.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.chestnut.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.chestnut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.citrus.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.citrus.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.cocobolo.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.cocobolo.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.ebony.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.ebony.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.giganteum.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.giganteum.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.greenheart.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.greenheart.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.ipe.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.ipe.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.kapok.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.kapok.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.larch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.larch.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.lime.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.lime.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.mahoe.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.mahoe.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.mahogany.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.mahogany.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.maple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.maple.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.padauk.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.padauk.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.palm.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.palm.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.papaya.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.papaya.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.pine.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.pine.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.plum.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.plum.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.poplar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.poplar.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.sequoia.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.sequoia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.teak.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.teak.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.walnut.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.walnut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.wenge.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.wenge.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.willow.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.willow.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.fireproof.zebrawood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.fireproof.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.giganteum.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.giganteum.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.greenheart.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.greenheart.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.ipe.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.ipe.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.kapok.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.kapok.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.larch.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.larch.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.lime.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.lime.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.mahoe.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.mahoe.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.mahogany.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.mahogany.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.maple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.maple.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.padauk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.padauk.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.palm.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.palm.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.papaya.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.papaya.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.pine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.pine.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.plum.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.plum.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.poplar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.poplar.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.sequoia.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.sequoia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.teak.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.teak.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.acacia.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.birch.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.birch.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.dark_oak.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.jungle.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.oak.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.vanilla.fireproof.spruce.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.walnut.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.walnut.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.wenge.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.wenge.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.willow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.willow.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stairs.zebrawood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.for.stairs.zebrawood.name
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stamp_collector.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stamp Collector
fe.protection.trample.forestry.still.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Still
fe.protection.trample.forestry.stump.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Candle Stump
fe.protection.trample.forestry.trade_station.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Trade Station
fe.protection.trample.forestry.tree_chest.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Arborist's Chest
fe.protection.trample.forestry.wood_pile.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Wood Pile
fe.protection.trample.forestry.wood_pile_decorative.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Decorative Wood Pile
fe.protection.trample.forestry.worktable.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Worktable
fe.protection.trample.forgemultipartcbe.multipart_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.booster.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Frame Booster
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.frame_0.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.frame_1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.frame_2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.frame_3.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Frame Block
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.frame_projector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Frame Projector
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.mass_frame_corner.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Super-Frame Corner
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.mass_frame_edge.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Super-Frame Edge
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.moving.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.pusher.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.funkylocomotion:pusher.name
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.slider.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Frame Slider
fe.protection.trample.funkylocomotion.teleporter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Frame Teleporter
fe.protection.trample.galacticcomputers.sealed_cable.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sealable Cable
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.air_lock_frame.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Frame
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.air_lock_seal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Air Lock Seal
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.aluminum_wire.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.aluminum_wire.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.arclamp.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Arc Lamp
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.basic_block_core.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.basic_block_core.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.basic_block_moon.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.basic_block_moon.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.block_multi.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.boss_spawner.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.breatheable_air.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.breatheable_air.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.bright_air.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.bright_air.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.bright_breathable_air.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bright_breathable_air.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.cargo.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.cargo.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.cheese.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cheese
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.collector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Collector
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.compact_workbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Compact NASA Workbench
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.concealed_detector.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Player Detector
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.concealed_redstone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Hidden Redstone Wire
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.concealed_repeater.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.concealed_repeater_pow.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.dishbase.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Communications Dish
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.distributor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Bubble Distributor
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.emergency_box.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Emergency Post
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.enclosed.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.enclosed.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.fallen_meteor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fallen Meteor
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.fluid_pipe.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.fluid_pipe_pull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Pipe
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.fluid_tank.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Tank
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.fuel.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gasoline
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.fuel_loader.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fuel Loader
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.glowstone_torch.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating10.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating100.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating101.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating102.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating103.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating104.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating105.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating106.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating107.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating108.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating109.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating11.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating110.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating111.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating112.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating113.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating114.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating115.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating116.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating117.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating118.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating119.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating12.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating120.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating121.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating122.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating123.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating124.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating125.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating126.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating127.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating128.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating129.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating13.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating130.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating131.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating132.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating133.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating134.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating135.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating136.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating137.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating138.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating139.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating14.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating140.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating141.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating142.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating143.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating144.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating145.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating146.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating147.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating148.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating149.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating15.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating150.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating151.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating152.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating153.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating154.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating155.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating156.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating157.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating158.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating159.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating16.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating160.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating161.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating162.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating163.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating164.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating165.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating166.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating167.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating168.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating169.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating17.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating170.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating171.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating172.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating173.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating174.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating175.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating176.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating177.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating178.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating179.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating18.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating180.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating181.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating182.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating183.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating184.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating185.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating186.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating187.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating188.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating189.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating19.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating190.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating191.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating192.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating193.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating194.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating195.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating196.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating197.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating198.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating199.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating20.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating200.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating201.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating202.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating203.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating204.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating205.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating206.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating207.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating208.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating209.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating21.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating210.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating211.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating212.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating213.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating214.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating215.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating216.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating217.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating218.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating219.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating22.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating220.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating221.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating222.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating223.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating224.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating225.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating226.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating227.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating228.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating229.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating23.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating230.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating231.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating232.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating233.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating234.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating235.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating236.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating237.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating238.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating239.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating24.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating240.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating241.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating242.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating243.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating244.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating245.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating246.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating247.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating248.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating249.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating25.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating250.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating251.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating252.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating253.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating254.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating255.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating256.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating257.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating258.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating259.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating26.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating260.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating261.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating262.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating263.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating264.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating265.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating266.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating267.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating268.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating269.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating27.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating270.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating271.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating272.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating273.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating274.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating275.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating276.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating277.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating278.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating279.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating28.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating280.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating281.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating282.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating283.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating284.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating285.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating286.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating287.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating288.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating289.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating29.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating290.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating291.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating292.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating293.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating294.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating295.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating296.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating297.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating298.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating299.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating30.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating300.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating301.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating302.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating303.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating304.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating305.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating306.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating307.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating308.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating309.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating31.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating310.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating311.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating312.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating313.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating314.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating315.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating316.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating317.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating318.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating319.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating32.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating320.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating321.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating322.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating323.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating324.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating325.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating326.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating327.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating328.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating329.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating33.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating330.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating331.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating332.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating333.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating334.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating335.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating336.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating337.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating338.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating339.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating34.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating340.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating341.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating342.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating343.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating344.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating345.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating346.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating347.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating348.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating349.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating35.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating350.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating351.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating352.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating353.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating354.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating355.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating356.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating357.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating358.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating359.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating36.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating360.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating361.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating362.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating363.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating364.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating365.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating366.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating367.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating368.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating369.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating37.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating370.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating371.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating372.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating373.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating374.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating375.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating376.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating377.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating378.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating379.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating38.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating380.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating381.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating382.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating383.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating384.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating385.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating386.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating387.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating388.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating39.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating40.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating41.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating42.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating43.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating44.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating45.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating46.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating47.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating48.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating49.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating5.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating50.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating51.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating52.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating53.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating54.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating55.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating56.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating57.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating58.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating59.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating6.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating60.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating61.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating62.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating63.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating64.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating65.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating66.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating67.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating68.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating69.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating7.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating70.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating71.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating72.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating73.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating74.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating75.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating76.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating77.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating78.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating79.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating8.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating80.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating81.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating82.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating83.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating84.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating85.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating86.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating87.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating88.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating89.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating9.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating90.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating91.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating92.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating93.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating94.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating95.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating96.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating97.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating98.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.grating99.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grating
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.landing_pad.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.landing_pad.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.landing_pad_full.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launch Pad
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.machine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.machine2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine2.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.machine3.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine3.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.machine4.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine4.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.machine_tiered.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.machine_tiered.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.magnetic_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.moon_stairs_brick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Moon Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.moon_stairs_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Moon Rock Stairs
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.oxygen_compressor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.oxygen_compressor.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.oxygen_detector.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Detector
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.panel_lighting.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.panel_lighting.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.parachest.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Parachest
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.platform.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hydraulic Platform
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.refinery.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.rocket_workbench.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE NASA Workbench
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.sealer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oxygen Sealer
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.slab_gc_double.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_gc_double.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.slab_gc_half.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_gc_half.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.solar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.solar.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.space_glass_clear.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Glass (Clear)
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.space_glass_clear_tin.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_glass_clear_tin.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.space_glass_strong.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Glass (Strong)
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.space_glass_strong_tin.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_glass_strong_tin.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.space_glass_vanilla.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Glass
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.space_glass_vanilla_tin.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.space_glass_vanilla_tin.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.space_station_base.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Space Station Arrival Block
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.spin_thruster.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spin Thruster
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.telemetry.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Telemetry Unit
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.tin_stairs_1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.tin_stairs_2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tin Decoration Stairs
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.treasure_chest.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_lit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.unlit_torch_stone_lit.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.view_screen.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Display Screen
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftcore.wall_gc.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.wall_gc.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.asteroids_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.asteroids_block.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.beam_receiver.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Receiver
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.beam_reflector.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Energy Beam Reflector
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.boss_spawner_mars.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_mars.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.boss_spawner_venus.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.boss_spawner_venus.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.cavern_vines.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cavernous Vines
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.crashed_probe.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crashed Probe
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.creeper_egg.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Egg
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.dense_ice.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dense Ice
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.geothermal_generator.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Geothermal Generator
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.laser_turret.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Laser Turret
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.mars.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.mars_machine.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars_machine.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.mars_machine_t2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.mars_machine_t2.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.mars_stairs_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mars Dungeon Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.mars_stairs_cobblestone.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Mars Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.miner_base.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.miner_base_full.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Astro Miner Base
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.slimeling_egg.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slimeling_egg.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.sludge.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.solar_array_controller.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Solar Array Controller
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.solar_array_module.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Solar Array Module
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.spacewart.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.spacewart.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.spout.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Vapor Spout
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.sulphuric_acid.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sulfuric Acid
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.telepad_fake.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.telepad_fake.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.telepad_short.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Short Range Telepad
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.treasure_t2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.treasure_t3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.venus.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.venus.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.venus_rock_scorched.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Scorched Venus Rock
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.walkway.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.walkway.name
fe.protection.trample.galacticraftplanets.web_torch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.web_torch.name
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.extractor.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE DNA Extractor
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.imprinter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Imprinter
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.industrial_apiary.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Apiary
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.liquiddna.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Liquid DNA
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.liquifier.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Protein Liquifier
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.mutagen.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.mutagen_producer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mutagen Producer
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.mutatron.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.mutatron_advanced.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced mutatron
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.protein.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.replicator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Replicator
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.sampler.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Sampler
fe.protection.trample.gendustry.transposer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Genetic Transposer
fe.protection.trample.genetics.adv_machine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.genetics.binnie.bacteria.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteria.name
fe.protection.trample.genetics.binnie.bacteria.poly.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteriapoly.name
fe.protection.trample.genetics.binnie.bacteria.vector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.bacteriavector.name
fe.protection.trample.genetics.binnie.dna.raw.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.rawdna.name
fe.protection.trample.genetics.binnie.growth.medium.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.genetics.fluid.geneticliquid.growthmedium.name
fe.protection.trample.genetics.lab_machine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.genetics.machine.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.rope_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rope
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.rope_knot.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rope Knot
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.rope_knot_acacia.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.rope_knot_birch.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.rope_knot_dark_oak.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.rope_knot_jungle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.rope_knot_nether_brick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.rope_knot_oak.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.rope_knot_spruce.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.salt_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rock Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft.salt_ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Rock Salt Ore
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_door.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE item.apple_door.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_fence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple Fence
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Apple Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_leaves.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Leaves
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_log.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Apple Wood
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_planks.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.apple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_slab_half.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.apple_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Apple Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_ethereal.*          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_ethereal.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_extended.*          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_fermented.*         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_fermented.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_intoxicated.*       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_poisoned.*          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_poisoned.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_potent.*            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_potent.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_cider_potentextended.*    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_cider_potentextended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.fluid_applecider_apple_juice.*                   # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_apple_juice.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_apples.rope_knot_apple.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Apple Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE item.bamboo_door.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Leaves
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_plank.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Planks
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_shoot.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_slab_half.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Slab
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Stairs
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.bamboo_stalk.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bamboo.rope_knot_bamboo.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Fence (Rope)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.beebox.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bee Box
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.beehive.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.fluid_honey.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_honey.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_ethereal.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_ethereal.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_extended.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_fermented.*                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_fermented.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_hyperextended.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_intoxicated.*                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_poisoned.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_poisoned.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_potent.*                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_potent.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_potentextended.*                   # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_potentextended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_bees.fluid_mead_mead_young.*                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_mead_young.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_cellar.brew_kettle.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brew Kettle
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_cellar.cork_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cork Leaves
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_cellar.cork_log.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cork Wood
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_cellar.cork_log_stripped.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cork Wood (Stripped)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_cellar.cork_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.cork_sapling.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_cellar.culture_jar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Culture Jar
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_cellar.ferment_barrel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fermentation Barrel
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_cellar.fruit_press.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fruit Press
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_cellar.fruit_presser.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.fruit_presser.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap (Deprecated)
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_acacia.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_apple.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_bamboo.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_birch.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_darkoak.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_jungle.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_oak.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_fishtrap.fishtrap_spruce.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fishtrap
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_ambrosia.*                # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_juice.*                   # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_juice.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_portwine.*                # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_portwine.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_extended.*           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_intoxicated.*        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_poisoned.*           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_green_wine_potent.*             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_green_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_ambrosia.*               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_juice.*                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_juice.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_portwine.*               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_portwine.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine.*                   # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_extended.*          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_intoxicated.*       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_poisoned.*          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_purple_wine_potent.*            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_purple_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_ambrosia.*                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_ambrosia.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_juice.*                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_juice.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_portwine.*                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_portwine.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine.*                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_extended.*             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_intoxicated.*          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_poisoned.*             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_poisoned.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.fluid_grapebooze_red_wine_potent.*               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_red_wine_potent.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_fruit.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.native_grape_fruit.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine0.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.native_grape_vine0.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.native_grape_vine1.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_grapes.native_grape_vine_leaves.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.native_grape_vine_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_extended.*                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_hyperextended.*                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_intoxicated.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_lager.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_lager.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_normal.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_normal.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_poisoned.*                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_poisoned.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_potent.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_potent.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_unhopped.*                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_unhopped.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_hopalebooze_young.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_hopale_young.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_extended.*                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_hyperextended.*                   # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_intoxicated.*                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_intoxicated.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_magical.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_magical.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_normal.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_normal.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_poisoned.*                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_poisoned.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_potent.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_potent.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_potentextended.*                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_potentextended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.fluid_lagerbooze_young.*                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_lager_young.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_hops.hops.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.hops.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.cheese_aged.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.cheese_aged.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.cheese_press.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Press
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.cheese_vat.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Vat
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.cheese_waxed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.cheese_waxed.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.churn.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Churn
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.churn_plunger.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.churn_plunger.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.curds_aged.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.curds_aged.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.curds_simple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.curds_simple.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.curds_waxed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.curds_waxed.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_butter_milk.*                                # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_butter_milk.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_appenzeller.*                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_appenzeller.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_asiago.*                              # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_asiago.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_casu_marzu.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_casu_marzu.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_cheddar.*                             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_cheddar.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_emmentaler.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_emmentaler.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_gorgonzola.*                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_gorgonzola.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_gouda.*                               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_gouda.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_monterey.*                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_monterey.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_parmesan.*                            # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_parmesan.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_provolone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_provolone.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cheese_ricotta.*                             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cheese_ricotta.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_condensed_milk.*                             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_condensed_milk.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_cream.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_cream.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_extended.*                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_fermented.*                 # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_fermented.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_hyperextended.*             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_poisoned.*                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_poisoned.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent_extended.*           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_kumisbooze_kumis_potent_hyperextended.*      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_kumis_kumis_potent_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_milk.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_milk.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_milk_curds.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_milk_curds.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_rennet.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_rennet.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_skim_milk.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_skim_milk.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.fluid_whey.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_whey.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.pancheon.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pancheon
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_milk.thistle.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Thistle
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_extended.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_fermented.*                   # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_fermented.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_hyperextended.*               # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_magical.*                     # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_magical.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_mash.*                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_mash.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_poisoned.*                    # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_poisoned.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent.*                      # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent_extended.*             # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent_extended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_potent_hyperextended.*        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_potent_hyperextended.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.fluid_sakebooze_sake_water.*                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.fluid_booze_sake_water.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.ricecrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.riceCrop.name
fe.protection.trample.growthcraft_rice.ricepaddy.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rice Paddy
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arid Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.breadfruit_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Breadfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Frost Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.grinder.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Grinder
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ground Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.guava_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Guava Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.hazelnut_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hazelnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.honey.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.jackfruit_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jackfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lychee_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lychee Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.market.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamagavecrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamagavecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamamaranthcrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamamaranthcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamarrowrootcrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamarrowrootcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambreadfruit.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Breadfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcassavacrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcassavacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchickpeacrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamchickpeacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamelderberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamelderberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamflaxcrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamflaxcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgigapicklecrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgigapicklecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgreengrapecrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgreengrapecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamguava.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Guava
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamhazelnut.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hazelnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamhuckleberrycrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamhuckleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamjackfruit.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Jackfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamjicamacrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamjicamacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamjuniperberrycrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamjuniperberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamjutecrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamjutecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkalecrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkalecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkenafcrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkenafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkohlrabicrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkohlrabicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlentilcrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamlentilcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlychee.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lychee
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammango.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammilletcrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammilletcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammulberrycrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammulberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampassionfruit.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Passionfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampawpaw.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pawpaw
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampear.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamquinoacrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamquinoacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrambutan.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rambutan
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsisalcrop.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsisalcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsoursop.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Soursop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspiderweb.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Spider Web
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtamarind.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Tamarind
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtarocrop.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtarocrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtomatillocrop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtomatillocrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.passionfruit_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Passion Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pawpaw_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pawpaw Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.presser.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.rambutan_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Rambutan Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Shaded Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Shipping Bin
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Soggy Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.soursop_sapling.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Soursop Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.spiderweb_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spider Web Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.tamarind_sapling.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tamarind Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.waterfilter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water Filter
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.well.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Well
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Windy Garden
fe.protection.trample.hatstand.hatstand.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hat Stand
fe.protection.trample.ic2.air.*                                                           # (default: true) PLACE ic2.air.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.biogas.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE ic2.biogas.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.biomass.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE ic2.biomass.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.construction_foam.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE ic2.construction_foam.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.coolant.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE ic2.coolant.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.creosote.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE ic2.creosote.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.distilled_water.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE ic2.distilled_water.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.dynamite.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dynamite
fe.protection.trample.ic2.fence.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE ic2.fence
fe.protection.trample.ic2.foam.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE ic2.foam
fe.protection.trample.ic2.glass.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE ic2.glass
fe.protection.trample.ic2.heavy_water.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE ic2.heavy_water.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.hot_coolant.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE ic2.hot_coolant.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.hot_water.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE ic2.hot_water.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.hydrogen.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE ic2.hydrogen.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.leaves.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.ic2.milk.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE ic2.milk.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.mining_pipe.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE ic2.mining_pipe
fe.protection.trample.ic2.oxygen.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE ic2.oxygen.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.pahoehoe_lava.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE ic2.pahoehoe_lava.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.refractory_bricks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Refractory Bricks
fe.protection.trample.ic2.reinforced_door.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE ic2.reinforced_door.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.resource.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE ic2.resource
fe.protection.trample.ic2.rubber_wood.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Wood
fe.protection.trample.ic2.sapling.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE ic2.sapling.rubber.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.scaffold.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE ic2.scaffold
fe.protection.trample.ic2.sheet.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE ic2.sheet
fe.protection.trample.ic2.steam.*                                                         # (default: true) PLACE ic2.steam.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.superheated_steam.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE ic2.superheated_steam.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.te.*                                                            # (default: true) PLACE ic2.te
fe.protection.trample.ic2.uu_matter.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE ic2.uu_matter.name
fe.protection.trample.ic2.wall.*                                                          # (default: true) PLACE ic2.wall
fe.protection.trample.ic2.weed_ex.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE ic2.weed_ex.name
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.concrete.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:concrete.name
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.cruiselauncher.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cruise Launcher
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.emptower.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE EMP Tower
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.explosives.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:explosives.name
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.glassbutton.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass Button
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.glasspressureplate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.launcherbase.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:launcherbase.name
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.launcherframe.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:launcherframe.name
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.launcherscreen.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:launcherscreen.name
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.multiblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:multiblock.name
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.radarstation.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Radar Station
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.reinforcedglass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Glass
fe.protection.trample.icbmclassic.spikes.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.icbmclassic:spikes.name
fe.protection.trample.ichoriumkit.bedrock_portal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock Portal
fe.protection.trample.ichoriumkit.ichor_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ichor Block
fe.protection.trample.ichoriumkit.nitor_vapor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.animal_byproduct_recolector.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Animal Sewer
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.animal_growth_increaser.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Animal Grower
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.animal_independence_selector.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Animal Baby Separator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.animal_resource_harvester.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Animal Rancher
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.animal_stock_increaser.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Animal Feeder
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.biofuel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Biofuel
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.biofuel_generator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Biofuel Generator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.bioreactor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bioreactor
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.black_hole_controller.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Hole Controller (DEPRECATED)
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.black_hole_controller_reworked.*                # (default: true) PLACE Black Hole Controller v2.0
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.black_hole_label.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Hole Label
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.black_hole_tank.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Black Hole Tank
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.black_hole_unit.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Black Hole Unit
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.block_destroyer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.block_placer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.conveyor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Conveyor Belt
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.crop_enrich_material_injector.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Plant Fertilizer
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.crop_recolector.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Plant Gatherer
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.crop_sower.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Plant Sower
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.dye_mixer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dye Mixer
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.enchantment_aplicator.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Applicator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.enchantment_extractor.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Extractor
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.enchantment_invoker.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Factory
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.enchantment_refiner.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Sorter
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.energy_field_provider.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Energy Field Provider
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.essence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Essence
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.fluid_crafter.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Crafter
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.fluid_pump.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Pump
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.fluiddictionary_converter.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Dictionary Converter
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.froster.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Froster
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.hydrator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hydrator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.if.pink_slime.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Slime
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.if.protein.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Protein
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.item_splitter.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Item Splitter
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.laser_base.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Laser Base
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.laser_drill.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Laser Drill
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.latex.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Latex
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.latex_processing_unit.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Latex Processing Unit
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.lava_fabricator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava Fabricator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.material_stonework_factory.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Material StoneWork Factory
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.meat.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Meat
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.milk.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.mob_detector.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mob Detector
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.mob_duplicator.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mob Duplicator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.mob_relocator.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mob Crusher
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.mob_slaughter_factory.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mob Slaughter Factory
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.ore_fermenter.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fermentation Station
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.ore_processor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ore Processor
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.ore_sieve.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Sieving Machine
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.ore_washer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Washing Factory
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.oredictionary_converter.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Ore Dictionary Converter
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.petrified_fuel_generator.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Petrified Fuel Generator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.pitiful_fuel_generator.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Pitiful Fuel Generator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.plant_interactor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Plant Interactor
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.potion_enervator.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Potion Brewer
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.protein_generator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Protein Generator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.protein_reactor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Protein Reactor
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.resourceful_furnace.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Resourceful Furnace
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.sewage.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sewage
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.sewage_composter_solidifier.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Sewage Composter
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.sludge.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sludge
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.sludge_refiner.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sludge Refiner
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.spores_recreator.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Spores Recreator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.tree_fluid_extractor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Tree Fluid Extractor
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.villager_trade_exchanger.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Villager Trade Exchanger
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.water_condensator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Water Condensator
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.water_resources_collector.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Resources Fisher
fe.protection.trample.industrialforegoing.wither_builder.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wither Builder
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.trample.irontanks.copper_tank.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Copper Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontanks.creative_tank.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Creative Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontanks.diamond_tank.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontanks.emerald_tank.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontanks.gold_tank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Gold Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontanks.iron_tank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontanks.obsidian_tank.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontanks.silver_tank.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Silver Tank
fe.protection.trample.irontanks.void_tank.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Void Tank
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.block_blockcertusquartz.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of %s
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.block_blockchargedcertusquartz.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of %s
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.block_blockniter.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of %s
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.block_blocksulfur.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of %s
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.fluid_moltencarbon.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.fluid_moltencrystal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.fluid_moltendarkiron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.fluid_moltenmagnesium.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.fluid_moltenmercury.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.fluid_moltenmeteoriciron.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.fluid_moltenpalladium.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.fluid_moltentungsten.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.trample.jaopca.fluid_moltenuranium.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.jaopca.molten.name
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.crafting_table.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.crafting_table_fuzzy.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Fuzzy Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.frame.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Block Frame
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.pipe.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.logisticspipes.pipe.name
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.power_junction.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Power Junction
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.power_provider_eu.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Logistics EU Power Provider
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.power_provider_mj.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Logistics MJ Power Provider
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.power_provider_rf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Logistics RF Power Provider
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.program_compiler.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Program Compiler
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.security_station.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Security Station
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.solid_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.logisticspipes.solid_block.name
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.statistics_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Logistics Statistics Table
fe.protection.trample.logisticspipes.sub_multiblock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.logisticspipes.sub_multiblock.name
fe.protection.trample.magicbees.effectjar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bee Collector's Jar
fe.protection.trample.magicbees.enchanted_earth.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Enchanted Earth
fe.protection.trample.magicbees.hiveblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.magicbees.hiveblock.name
fe.protection.trample.mcmultipart.multipart.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.basicblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.energycube.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.gastank.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Glow Panel
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.machineblock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.oreblock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.saltblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.transmitter.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.mia.void_creator.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Void Creator
fe.protection.trample.mia.white_sandstone_new.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone_new.name
fe.protection.trample.mia.white_sandstone_new_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone_new_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.mia.white_sandstone_new_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone_new_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.mia.white_sandstone_stairs_brick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Sandstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.barrier.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beetroots.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Beetroots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_door.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bone_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oak Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.concrete.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Plant
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_rod.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE End Rod
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass_path.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Grass Path
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magma.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.observer.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Observer
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.prismarine.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.slime.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Green Slime Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.structure_block.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Structure Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.structure_void.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Structure Void
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Oak Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.modularrouters.item_router.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Item Router
fe.protection.trample.modularrouters.template_frame.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Template Frame
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_hand.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Journey Cloth
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_shell.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Journey Cloth
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.journey_cloth_spiral.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Journey Cloth
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.journey_hub_hand.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Journey Hub
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.journey_hub_shell.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Journey Hub
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.journey_hub_spiral.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Journey Hub
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.locked_bookstand.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Locked Bookstand
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.locked_lectern.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Locked Lectern
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.nexus_controller.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nexus Controller
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.traffic_cone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Safety Cone
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.unstable_portal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Portal
fe.protection.trample.moremystcraft.unstable_receptacle.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Book Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.blockbookbinder.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Book Binder
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.blockbookreceptacle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Book Receptacle
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.blockbookstand.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bookstand
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.blockcrystal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.blockdecay.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Decay Effect
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.blockinkmixer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ink Mixer
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.blocklectern.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lectern
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.blocklinkmodifier.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Link Modifier
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.blockstarfissure.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Star Fissure
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.fluidblockblackink.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Ink
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.linkportal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Link Portal
fe.protection.trample.mystcraft.writingdesk.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Writing Desk
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.aluminum_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.apatite_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apatite Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.ardite_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ardite Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.basalt_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Basalt Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.basalz_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Basalz Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.blaze_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.blitz_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blitz Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.blizz_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blizz Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.brass_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brass Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.bronze_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bronze Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.certus_quartz_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.chicken_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chicken Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.coal_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.coal_block.name
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.coal_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Coal Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.cobalt_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cobalt Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobbled Soulstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_slab_full.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.cobbled_soulstone_slab_full.name
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_stairs.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobbled Soulstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.cobbled_soulstone_wall.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.cobbled_soulstone_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.compressed_iron_crop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.conductive_iron_crop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Conductive Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.constantan_crop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Constantan Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.copper_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Copper Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.cow_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cow Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.creeper_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Creeper Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.dark_steel_crop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Steel Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.desh_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Desh Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.diamond_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.dirt_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dirt Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.dye_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dye Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.electrical_steel_crop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Electrical Steel Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.electrum_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Electrum Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.elementium_crop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Elementium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.emerald_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.end_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE End Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.end_inferium_ore.*                              # (default: true) PLACE §eEnd Inferium Ore
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.end_prosperity_ore.*                            # (default: true) PLACE End Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.end_steel_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE End Steel Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.enderium_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enderium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.enderman_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enderman Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.energetic_alloy_crop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Energetic Alloy Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.experience_crop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Experience Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.fiery_ingot_crop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fiery Ingot Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.fire_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.fluix_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.fluxed_electrum_crop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Fluxed Electrum Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.ghast_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ghast Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_ingot_crop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Ingot Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.glowstone_lamp.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.gold_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gold Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.grains_of_infinity_crop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Grains of Infinity Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.graphite_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Graphite Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.growth_accelerator.*                            # (default: true) PLACE §eGrowth Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.guardian_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Guardian Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.ice_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.inferium_furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE §eInferium Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.inferium_furnace_active.*                       # (default: true) PLACE §eInferium Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.inferium_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE §eInferium Ore
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.inferium_reprocessor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE §eInferium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.ingot_storage.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.ingot_storage.name
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_furnace.*                           # (default: true) PLACE §6Intermedium Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_furnace_active.*                    # (default: true) PLACE §6Intermedium Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.intermedium_reprocessor.*                       # (default: true) PLACE §6Intermedium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.invar_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Invar Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.iridium_ore_crop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Iridium Ore Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.iron_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.ironwood_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ironwood Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.knightmetal_crop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Knightmetal Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.knightslime_crop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Knightslime Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.lapis_lazuli_crop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.lead_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lead Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.limestone_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Limestone Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.lumium_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lumium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.manasteel_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Manasteel Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.manyullyn_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Manyullyn Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.marble_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Marble Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.meteoric_iron_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Meteoric Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.miners_torch.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Miner's Torch
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.mystical_flower_crop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Flower Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.mystical_machine_frame.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Mystical Machine Frame
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.nature_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nature Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.nether_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.nether_inferium_ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE §eNether Inferium Ore
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.nether_prosperity_ore.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.nether_quartz_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.nickel_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nickel Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.obsidian_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.osmium_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Osmium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.peridot_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Peridot Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.pig_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pig Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.platinum_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Platinum Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.prosperity_ore.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Prosperity Ore
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_furnace.*                            # (default: true) PLACE §aPrudentium Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_furnace_active.*                     # (default: true) PLACE §aPrudentium Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.prudentium_reprocessor.*                        # (default: true) PLACE §aPrudentium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.pulsating_iron_crop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pulsating Iron Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.quicksilver_crop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.rabbit_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rabbit Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.redstone_alloy_crop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Alloy Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.redstone_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.refined_obsidian_crop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Refined Obsidian Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.rubber_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rubber Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.ruby_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ruby Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.saltpeter_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.sapphire_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sapphire Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.seed_reprocessor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.sheep_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sheep Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.signalum_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Signalum Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.silicon_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silicon Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.silver_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Silver Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.skeleton_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.sky_stone_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.slime_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slime Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.soul_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Soul Glass
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.soul_glass_pane.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Soul Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.soularium_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Soularium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.soulstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.soulstone.name
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Soulstone Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_slab_full.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.soulstone_brick_slab_full.name
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Soulstone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_brick_wall.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.soulstone_brick_wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Soulstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.soulstone_slab_full.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.soulstone_slab_full.name
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.spider_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spider Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.steel_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Steel Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.steeleaf_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Steeleaf Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.stone_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.storage.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.ma.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.sulfur_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sulfur Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.superium_furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE §bSuperium Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.superium_furnace_active.*                       # (default: true) PLACE §bSuperium Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.superium_reprocessor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE §bSuperium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.supremium_furnace.*                             # (default: true) PLACE §cSupremium Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.supremium_furnace_active.*                      # (default: true) PLACE §cSupremium Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.supremium_reprocessor.*                         # (default: true) PLACE §cSupremium Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.terrasteel_crop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Terrasteel Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.thaumium_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.tier1_inferium_crop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 1 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.tier2_inferium_crop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.tier3_inferium_crop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 3 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.tier4_inferium_crop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 4 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.tier5_inferium_crop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Tier 5 Inferium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.tin_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tin Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.tinkering_table.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tinkering Table
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.titanium_crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Titanium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE §8Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_furnace_active.*                       # (default: true) PLACE §8Ultimate Furnace
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.ultimate_reprocessor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE §8Ultimate Seed Reprocessor
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.uranium_238_crop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Uranium 238 Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.uranium_crop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Uranium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.vibrant_alloy_crop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Alloy Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.void_metal_crop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.water_crop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.wither_skeleton_crop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Wither Skeleton Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.witherproof_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Witherproof Block
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.witherproof_glass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Witherproof Glass
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.wood_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wood Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.yellorium_crop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Yellorium Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.zinc_crop.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Zinc Crop
fe.protection.trample.mysticalagriculture.zombie_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Zombie Crop
fe.protection.trample.natura.amaranth_button.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.amaranth_fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.amaranth_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.amaranth_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.amaranth_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.barley_crop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.barley_crop.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.blaze_hopper.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Hopper
fe.protection.trample.natura.blaze_rail.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.natura.blaze_rail_activator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Activator Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.natura.blaze_rail_detector.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Detector Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.natura.blaze_rail_golden.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Powered Blaze Rail
fe.protection.trample.natura.bloodwood_button.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.bloodwood_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.bloodwood_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.bloodwood_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.bloodwood_trap_door.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.bluebells_flower.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bluebells
fe.protection.trample.natura.clouds.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.clouds.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.colored_grass.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.colored_grass.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.colored_grass_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.colored_grass_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.colored_grass_stairs_autumnal.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Autumnal Grass Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.colored_grass_stairs_bluegrass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Bluegrass Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.colored_grass_stairs_topiary.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Topiary Grass Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.cotton_crop.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.cotton_crop.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.darkwood_button.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.darkwood_fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.darkwood_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.darkwood_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.darkwood_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.eucalyptus_button.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.eucalyptus_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.eucalyptus_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.eucalyptus_trap_door.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.fusewood_button.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.fusewood_fence.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.fusewood_fence_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.fusewood_pressure_plate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.fusewood_trap_door.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.ghostwood_button.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.ghostwood_fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.ghostwood_fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.ghostwood_pressure_plate.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.ghostwood_trap_door.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.hopseed_button.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.hopseed_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.hopseed_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.hopseed_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.hopseed_trap_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.lit_netherrack_furnace.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.trample.natura.maple_button.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Maple Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.maple_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.maple_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Maple Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.maple_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.maple_trap_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Maple Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_berrybush_blightberry.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blightberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_berrybush_duskberry.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Duskberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_berrybush_skyberry.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Skyberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_berrybush_stingberry.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Stingberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_blue_large_glowshroom.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_blue_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_bookshelves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_bookshelves.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_button.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_door_bloodwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.nether_door_bloodwood.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_door_darkwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.nether_door_darkwood.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_door_fusewood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.nether_door_fusewood.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_door_ghostwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.nether_door_ghostwood.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_glowshroom.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_green_large_glowshroom.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_green_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_heat_sand.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sand
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_leaves.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_leaves2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_leaves2.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_lever.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_logs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_logs.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_logs2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bloodwood
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_planks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_planks.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_purple_large_glowshroom.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_purple_large_glowshroom.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_sapling.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_sapling2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_sapling2.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_slab.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_stairs_bloodwood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_stairs_darkwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_stairs_fusewood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fusewood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_stairs_ghostwood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ghostwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_tainted_soil.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_tainted_soil.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_thorn_vines.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thornvines
fe.protection.trample.natura.nether_workbenches.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.nether_workbenches.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.netherrack_furnace.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Furnace
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_berrybush_blackberry.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Blackberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_berrybush_blueberry.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Blueberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_berrybush_maloberry.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Maloberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_berrybush_raspberry.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Raspberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_bookshelves.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_bookshelves.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_door_eucalyptus.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_eucalyptus.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_door_hopseed.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_hopseed.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_door_maple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_maple.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_door_redwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_redwood.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_door_redwood_bark.*                                # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_redwood_bark.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_door_sakura.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_sakura.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_door_silverbell.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_silverbell.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_door_tiger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE item.natura.overworld_door_tiger.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_leaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_leaves2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_leaves2.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_logs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_logs.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_logs2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_logs2.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_planks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_planks.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_sapling2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_sapling2.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_slab2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_stairs_amaranth.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Amaranth Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_stairs_eucalyptus.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_stairs_hopseed.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hopseed Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_stairs_maple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Maple Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_stairs_redwood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_stairs_sakura.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_stairs_silverbell.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_stairs_tiger.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_stairs_willow.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Willow Stairs
fe.protection.trample.natura.overworld_workbenches.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.overworld_workbenches.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.redwood_button.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.redwood_fence.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.redwood_fence_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.redwood_leaves.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.redwood_logs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood_logs.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.redwood_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.redwood_sapling.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.redwood_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.redwood_trap_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.respawn_obelisk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.natura.respawn_obelisk.name
fe.protection.trample.natura.saguaro.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.trample.natura.saguaro_baby.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Baby Saguaro Cactus
fe.protection.trample.natura.saguaro_fruit.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Saguaro Fruit
fe.protection.trample.natura.sakura_button.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.sakura_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.sakura_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.sakura_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.sakura_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sakura Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.silverbell_button.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.silverbell_fence.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.silverbell_fence_gate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.silverbell_pressure_plate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.silverbell_trap_door.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Silverbell Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.tiger_button.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.tiger_fence.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.tiger_fence_gate.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.tiger_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.tiger_trap_door.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tiger Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.natura.willow_button.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Willow Button
fe.protection.trample.natura.willow_fence.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence
fe.protection.trample.natura.willow_fence_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.natura.willow_pressure_plate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Willow Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.natura.willow_trap_door.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Willow Trap Door
fe.protection.trample.netherendingores.block_end_endermite.*                              # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Endermite Monster Egg
fe.protection.trample.netherendingores.block_nether_netherfish.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack Netherfish Monster Egg
fe.protection.trample.netherendingores.creative_tab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Creative Tab Block
fe.protection.trample.netherendingores.ore_end_modded_1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_end_modded_1.name
fe.protection.trample.netherendingores.ore_end_modded_2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_end_modded_2.name
fe.protection.trample.netherendingores.ore_end_vanilla.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_end_vanilla.name
fe.protection.trample.netherendingores.ore_nether_modded_1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_modded_1.name
fe.protection.trample.netherendingores.ore_nether_modded_2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_modded_2.name
fe.protection.trample.netherendingores.ore_nether_vanilla.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_nether_vanilla.name
fe.protection.trample.netherendingores.ore_other_1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherendingores:ore_other_1.name
fe.protection.trample.omlib.network_cable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.network_cable.name
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.auto_anvil.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Auto Anvil
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.auto_enchantment_table.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Auto Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.beartrap.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Bear Trap
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.big_button.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Big Button
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.big_button_wood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Big Button
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.block_breaker.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block Breaker
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.block_placer.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block Placer
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.builder_guide.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Enhanced Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.cannon.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Item Cannon
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.canvas.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.canvas_glass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Canvas
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.donation_station.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Donation Station
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.drawing_table.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Drawing Table
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.elevator.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Elevator
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.elevator_rotating.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rotating Elevator
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.fan.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fan
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.flag.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flag
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.golden_egg.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Golden Egg
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.grave.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grave
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.guide.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Building Guide
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.heal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Healer
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.imaginary.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.openblocks.imaginary.name
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.item_dropper.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Item Dropper
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.ladder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Ladder
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.paint_can.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Paint Can
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.paint_mixer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Paint Mixer
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.path.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Path
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.projector.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Height Map Projector
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.rope_ladder.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rope Ladder
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.scaffolding.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Scaffolding
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.sky.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sky Block
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.sponge.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.sprinkler.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.tank.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tank
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.target.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Target
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.trophy.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trophy
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.vacuum_hopper.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Hopper
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.village_highlighter.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Village Highlighter
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.xp_bottler.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE XP Bottler
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.xp_drain.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE XP Drain
fe.protection.trample.openblocks.xp_shower.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE XP Shower
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.adapter.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.assembler.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.cable.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.capacitor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.carpetedcapacitor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.case1.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.case2.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.case3.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.casecreative.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.chameliumblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.charger.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.disassembler.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.diskdrive.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.endstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.geolyzer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.hologram1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.hologram2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.keyboard.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.microcontroller.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.motionsensor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.netsplitter.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.powerconverter.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.powerdistributor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.print.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.printer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.rack.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.raid.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.redstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.relay.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.robot.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE robot.name
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.robotafterimage.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.screen1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.screen2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.screen3.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.transposer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.waypoint.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.base_addon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.base_addon.name
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.disposable_item_turret.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Disposable Item Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.expander.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.expander.name
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.grenade_turret.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grenade Launcher Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.incendiary_turret.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Incendiary Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.laser_turret.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Laser Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.lever_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Basic Turret Base Crank
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.machine_gun_turret.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Gun Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.potato_cannon_turret.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Potato Cannon Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.rail_gun_turret.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Rail Gun Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.relativistic_turret.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Relativistic Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.rocket_turret.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Rocket Launcher Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.teleporter_turret.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Teleporter Turret
fe.protection.trample.openmodularturrets.turret_base.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Turret Base
fe.protection.trample.planetprogression.advanced_launch_pad.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.advanced_launch_pad.name
fe.protection.trample.planetprogression.advanced_launch_pad_full.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Tier 2/3 Launch Pad
fe.protection.trample.planetprogression.block_multi.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.block_multi.name
fe.protection.trample.planetprogression.satellite_builder.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Satellite Builder
fe.protection.trample.planetprogression.satellite_controller.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Satellite Controller
fe.protection.trample.planetprogression.satellite_launcher.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Satellite Rocket Launch Module
fe.protection.trample.planetprogression.telescope.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Telescope
fe.protection.trample.planetprogression.telescope_fake_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.telescope_fake_block.name
fe.protection.trample.playerplates.invisible_mossy_plate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobble Pressure Plate (Invisible)
fe.protection.trample.playerplates.invisible_obsidian_plate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Pressure Plate (Invisible)
fe.protection.trample.playerplates.mossy_plate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobble Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.playerplates.obsidian_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.plethora.manipulator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Manipulator
fe.protection.trample.plethora.redstone_integrator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone integrator
fe.protection.trample.plustic.alumiteblock.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Alumite Block
fe.protection.trample.plustic.invarblock.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Invar Block
fe.protection.trample.plustic.mirionblock.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Mirion Block
fe.protection.trample.plustic.osgloglasblock.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Osgloglas Block
fe.protection.trample.plustic.osmiridiumblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Osmiridium Block
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_alumite.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Alumite
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_desh.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Desh
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_elementium.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_manasteel.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_mirion.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Mirion
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_osgloglas.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Osgloglas
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_osmiridium.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Osmiridium
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_osmium.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Osmium
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_refinedglowstone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Refined Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_refinedobsidian.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Refined Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_terrasteel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.trample.plustic.plustic.molten_thaumium.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Thaumium
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.advanced_air_compressor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Air Compressor
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.advanced_liquid_compressor.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.advanced_pressure_tube.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Pressure Tube
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.aerial_interface.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Aerial Interface
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.air_cannon.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Air Cannon
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.air_compressor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Air Compressor
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.aphorism_tile.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Aphorism Tile
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.assembly_controller.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Controller
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.assembly_drill.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Drill
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.assembly_io_unit.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Assembly IO Unit
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.assembly_laser.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Laser
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.assembly_platform.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Assembly Platform
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.charging_station.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Charging Station
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.compressed_iron_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Compressed Iron
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.creative_compressor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Creative Compressor
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.drone_interface.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Drone Interface
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.drone_redstone_emitter.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.drone_redstone_emitter.name
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.electric_compressor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Electric Compressor
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.electrostatic_compressor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Electrostatic Compressor
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.elevator_base.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Base
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.elevator_caller.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Caller
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.elevator_frame.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Frame
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.fake_ice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fake_ice.name
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.fluid.diesel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diesel
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.fluid.etchacid.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Etching Acid
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.fluid.kerosene.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kerosene
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.fluid.lpg.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE LPG
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.fluid.lubricant.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lubricant
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.fluid.plastic.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plastic
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.flux_compressor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flux Compressor
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.gas_lift.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gas Lift
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.heat_sink.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Heat Sink
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.kerosene_lamp.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Kerosene Lamp
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.kerosene_lamp_light.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.kerosene_lamp_light.name
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.liquid_compressor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Compressor
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.liquid_hopper.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Hopper
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.omnidirectional_hopper.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Omnidirectional Hopper
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.plastic_mixer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Mixer
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_door.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Door
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_door_base.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Door Base
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_dynamo.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Dynamo
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.pneumatic_generator.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pneumatic Generator
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_glass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Glass
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_interface.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Interface
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_valve.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Valve
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.pressure_chamber_wall.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Chamber Wall
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.pressure_tube.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pressure Tube
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.programmable_controller.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Programmable Controller
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.programmer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Programmer
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.refinery.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Refinery
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.security_station.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Security Station
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.sentry_turret.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sentry Turret
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.thermal_compressor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thermal Compressor
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.thermopneumatic_processing_plant.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Thermopneumatic Processing Plant
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.universal_sensor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Universal Sensor
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.uv_light_box.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE UV Light Box
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.vacuum_pump.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vacuum Pump
fe.protection.trample.pneumaticcraft.vortex_tube.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vortex Tube
fe.protection.trample.portalgun.block_portal.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.portalgun.block.portal.name
fe.protection.trample.powersuits.liquid_nitrogen.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.powersuits.liquid_nitrogen.name
fe.protection.trample.powersuits.luxcapacitor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lux Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.powersuits.tinkertable.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Power Armor Tinker Table
fe.protection.trample.projectred-expansion.machine1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-expansion.machine2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-exploration.barrel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-exploration.ore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-exploration.stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-exploration.stone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stoneWall.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-fabrication.ic_machine.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.fabrication.icMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-illumination.lamp.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-relocation.blockmovingrow.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-relocation.frame.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.relocation.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.acacia_button.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.acacia_button.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.acacia_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.acacia_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.acacia_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.acacia_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.andesite_speleothem.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.andesite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_acacia_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_acacia_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_acacia_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_acacia_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_acacia_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_acacia_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_acacia_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_acacia_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_birch_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_birch_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_birch_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_birch_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_birch_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_birch_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_birch_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_birch_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_dark_oak_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_dark_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_dark_oak_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_dark_oak_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_dark_oak_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_dark_oak_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_dark_oak_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_dark_oak_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_jungle_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_jungle_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_jungle_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_jungle_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_jungle_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_jungle_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_jungle_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_jungle_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_oak_slab.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_oak_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_oak_slab_double.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_oak_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_oak_stairs.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_oak_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_oak_wall.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_oak_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_spruce_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_spruce_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_spruce_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_spruce_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_spruce_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_spruce_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.bark_spruce_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bark_spruce_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.biome_brick.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biome_brick.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.biome_cobblestone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.biome_cobblestone.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.birch_button.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.birch_button.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.birch_pressure_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.birch_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.birch_trapdoor.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.birch_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.blaze_lantern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.blaze_lantern.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.blaze_rod.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.blaze_rod.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.brick_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.brick_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.candle.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.trample.quark.carved_wood.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.carved_wood.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.charred_nether_brick_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.charred_nether_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.charred_nether_brick_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.charred_nether_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.charred_nether_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.charred_nether_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.charred_nether_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.charred_nether_bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.chute.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.chute.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.cobbed_stone_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbed_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.cobbed_stone_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbed_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.cobbed_stone_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbed_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.cobbed_stone_wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobbed_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.cobblestone_mossy_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobblestone_mossy_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.cobblestone_mossy_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobblestone_mossy_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.cobblestone_mossy_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.cobblestone_mossy_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.color_slime.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.color_slime.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_black.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_black.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_blue.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_blue.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_brown.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_brown.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_cyan.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_cyan.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_gray.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_gray.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_green.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_green.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_light_blue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_light_blue.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_lime.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_lime.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_magenta.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_magenta.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_orange.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_orange.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_pink.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_pink.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_purple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_purple.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_red.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_red.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_silver.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_silver.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_white.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_white.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.colored_flowerpot_yellow.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.colored_flowerpot_yellow.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.crystal.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.trample.quark.crystal_pane.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.crystal_pane.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.custom_chest.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.custom_chest.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.custom_chest_trap.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.custom_chest_trap.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.dark_oak_button.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_oak_button.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.dark_oak_pressure_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_oak_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.dark_oak_trapdoor.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_oak_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.dark_prismarine_wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dark_prismarine_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.diorite_speleothem.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.diorite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.duskbound_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_block.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.duskbound_block_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_block_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.duskbound_block_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.duskbound_block_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.duskbound_block_wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_block_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.duskbound_lantern.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.duskbound_lantern.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_bricks_wall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_dark_wall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_dark_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_prismarine_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_prismarine_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.elder_sea_lantern.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.elder_sea_lantern.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.end_bricks_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.end_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.end_bricks_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.end_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.end_bricks_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.end_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.end_bricks_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.end_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.fire_stone_brick_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.fire_stone_brick_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.fire_stone_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.fire_stone_brick_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.fire_stone_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.fire_stone_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.fire_stone_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.fire_stone_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.fire_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.framed_glass.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.framed_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.framed_glass_pane.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.framed_glass_pane.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.glowcelium.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.glowcelium.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.glowshroom.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.glowshroom.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.glowshroom_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.glowshroom_block.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.gold_button.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.gold_button.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.granite_speleothem.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.granite_speleothem.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.grate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.grate.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.gravisand.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.gravisand.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.gunpowder_block.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.gunpowder_block.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.hardened_clay_tiles.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.hardened_clay_tiles.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.hardened_clay_tiles_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.hardened_clay_tiles_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.hardened_clay_tiles_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.hardened_clay_tiles_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.icy_stone_brick_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.icy_stone_brick_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.icy_stone_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.icy_stone_brick_wall.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_brick_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.icy_stone_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.icy_stone_slab_double.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.icy_stone_stairs.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.icy_stone_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.icy_stone_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.iron_button.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_button.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.iron_ladder.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_ladder.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.iron_plate.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_plate.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.iron_plate_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_plate_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.iron_plate_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_plate_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.iron_plate_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_plate_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.iron_rod.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.iron_rod.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.jasper.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.jasper.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.jasper_speleothem.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.jasper_speleothem.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.jasper_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.jasper_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.jungle_button.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.jungle_button.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.jungle_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.jungle_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.jungle_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.jungle_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.leaf_carpet.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaf_carpet.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.lit_lamp.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.lit_lamp.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.magma_bricks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.magma_bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.magma_bricks_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.magma_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.magma_bricks_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.magma_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.magma_bricks_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.magma_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.midori_block.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_block.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.midori_block_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_block_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.midori_block_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.midori_block_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.midori_block_wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_block_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.midori_pillar.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.midori_pillar.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.monster_box.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.monster_box.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.nether_brick_fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.nether_brick_fence_gate.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.netherrack_speleothem.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.netherrack_speleothem.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.paper_lantern.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.paper_lantern.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.paper_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.paper_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.paper_wall_big.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.paper_wall_big.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.paper_wall_sakura.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.paper_wall_sakura.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.polished_netherrack.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_netherrack.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab_double.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.polished_netherrack_bricks_wall.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_netherrack_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.polished_stone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.polished_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_bricks_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_bricks_slab_double.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_bricks_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_bricks_wall.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_dark_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_dark_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_dark_slab_double.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_dark_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_dark_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_dark_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_rough_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_rough_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.prismarine_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.prismarine_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.purpur_block_wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.purpur_block_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.quartz_wall.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartz_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.quilted_wool.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quilted_wool.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.rain_detector.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.rain_detector.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.red_nether_brick_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_nether_brick_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.red_nether_brick_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_nether_brick_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.red_nether_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_nether_brick_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.red_sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.red_sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.red_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.red_sandstone_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.red_sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.reed_block.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.reed_block.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.reed_block_slab.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.reed_block_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.reed_block_slab_double.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.reed_block_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.reed_block_stairs.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.reed_block_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.reed_block_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.reed_block_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.roots.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.roots.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.roots_black_flower.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.roots_black_flower.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.roots_blue_flower.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.roots_blue_flower.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.roots_white_flower.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.roots_white_flower.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.rope.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.rope.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandstone_new.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_new.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandstone_wall.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandy_bricks.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandy_bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandy_bricks_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandy_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandy_bricks_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandy_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandy_bricks_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandy_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sandy_bricks_wall.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.sandy_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.slate.*                                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.slate.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.slate_speleothem.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.slate_speleothem.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.slate_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slate_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.smoker.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.smoker.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.snow_bricks.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.snow_bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.snow_bricks_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.snow_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.snow_bricks_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.snow_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.snow_bricks_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.snow_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.snow_bricks_wall.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.snow_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.soul_sandstone.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.soul_sandstone_bricks_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.soul_sandstone_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.soul_sandstone_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_smooth_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.soul_sandstone_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.soul_sandstone_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.soul_sandstone_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.spruce_button.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.spruce_button.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.spruce_pressure_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.spruce_pressure_plate.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.spruce_trapdoor.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.spruce_trapdoor.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_black_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_black_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_blue_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_brown_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_brown_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_cyan_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_gray_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_gray_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_green_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_green_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab_double.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_light_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_lime_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_lime_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab_double.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_magenta_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_orange_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_orange_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab_double.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_pink_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_pink_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_purple_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_purple_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_red_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_red_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_silver_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_silver_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab_double.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_white_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_white_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_clay_tiles_yellow_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_black_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_black_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_black_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_black_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_black_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_black_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_blue_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_blue_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_blue_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_brown_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_brown_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_brown_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_brown_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_brown_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_brown_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_cyan_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_cyan_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_cyan_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_cyan_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_cyan_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_cyan_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_gray_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_gray_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_gray_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_gray_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_gray_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_gray_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_green_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_green_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_green_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_green_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_green_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_green_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_light_blue_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_slab_double.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_light_blue_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_light_blue_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_light_blue_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_lime_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_lime_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_lime_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_lime_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_lime_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_lime_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_magenta_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_magenta_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_magenta_slab_double.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_magenta_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_magenta_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_magenta_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_orange_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_orange_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_orange_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_orange_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_orange_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_orange_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_pink_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_pink_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_pink_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_pink_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_pink_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_pink_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_purple_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_purple_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_purple_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_purple_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_purple_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_purple_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_red_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_red_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_red_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_red_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_red_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_red_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_silver_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_silver_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_silver_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_silver_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_silver_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_silver_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_white_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_white_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_white_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_white_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_white_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_white_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_yellow_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_yellow_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_yellow_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_yellow_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stained_planks_yellow_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stained_planks_yellow_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_slab_double.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_andesite_bricks_wall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_andesite_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_andesite_slab_double.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_andesite_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_andesite_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_andesite_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_diorite_bricks_wall.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_diorite_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_diorite_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_diorite_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_diorite_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_diorite_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_granite_bricks_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_granite_bricks_slab_double.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_granite_bricks_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_granite_bricks_wall.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_granite_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_granite_slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_granite_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_granite_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_granite_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_slab_double.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_jasper_bricks_wall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_jasper_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_jasper_slab_double.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_jasper_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_jasper_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_slate_bricks_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_bricks_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_slate_bricks_slab_double.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_bricks_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_slate_bricks_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_bricks_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_slate_bricks_wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_bricks_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_slate_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_slate_slab_double.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_slate_stairs.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_slate_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_speleothem.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_speleothem.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_stairs.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stone_wall.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.stone_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stonebrick_mossy_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonebrick_mossy_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stonebrick_mossy_slab_double.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonebrick_mossy_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stonebrick_mossy_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonebrick_mossy_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stonebrick_mossy_wall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonebrick_mossy_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.stonebrick_wall.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.stonebrick_wall.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.sugar_block.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.sugar_block.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.thatch.*                                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.thatch_slab.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.thatch_slab_double.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.thatch_stairs.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thatch_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.turf.*                                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.turf.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.turf_slab.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.turf_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.turf_slab_double.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.turf_slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.turf_stairs.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.turf_stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.vertical_planks.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.vertical_planks.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.vertical_stained_planks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.vertical_stained_planks.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.world_stone_bricks.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.world_stone_bricks.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.world_stone_carved.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.world_stone_carved.name
fe.protection.trample.quark.world_stone_pavement.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.world_stone_pavement.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.abyssal.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.abyssal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.abyssal_brick_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.abyssal_double_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.abyssal.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.abyssal_paver_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.abyssal_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.abyssal.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.abyssal_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Abyssal Stone
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.actuator.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.actuator.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.admin_steam_producer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Admin Steam Producer
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.andesite.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.andesite.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.anvil.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.badlands.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.badlands.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.badlands_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Badlands Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.badlands_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.badlands.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.badlands_paver_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Badlands Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.badlands_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.badlands.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.battery_nickel_iron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nickel-Iron Battery
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.battery_nickel_zinc.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nickel-Zinc Battery
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon_empty.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Expended Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver_empty.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Expended Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.blast_furnace.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blast Furnace Brick
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.bleachedbone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.bleachedbone_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bleached Bone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.bleachedbone_double_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.bleachedbone_paver_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bleached Bone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.bleachedbone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bleachedbone.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.bloodstained.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.bloodstained_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstained Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.bloodstained_double_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bloodstained.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.bloodstained_paver_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bloodstained Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.bloodstained_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.bloodstained.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.boiler_firebox_fluid.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.boiler_firebox_solid.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Solid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_high.*                               # (default: true) PLACE High Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_low.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Low Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.charge_feeder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.charge.feeder.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.charge_trap.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Charge Trap
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.chest_metals.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Metals Chest
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.chest_void.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Void Chest
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.coke_block.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.coke_oven.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.coke_oven_red.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.creosote.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.creosote_block.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Creosote Wood Block
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.creosote_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.creosote.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.creosote_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Creosote Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.creosote_stairs.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Creosote Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.detector.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.diorite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.diorite.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.engine_steam_high.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Steam Engine
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.engine_steam_hobby.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hobbyist's Steam Engine
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.engine_steam_low.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Commercial Steam Engine
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.equipment.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.equipment.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.flux_transformer.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flux Transformer
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.force_track_emitter.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Force Track Emitter
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.frame.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.frostbound.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.frostbound.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.frostbound_brick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Frost Bound Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.frostbound_double_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.frostbound.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.frostbound_paver_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Frost Bound Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.frostbound_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.frostbound.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.generic.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.generic.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.glass.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.glass.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.granite.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.granite.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.infernal.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.infernal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.infernal_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.infernal_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.infernal.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.infernal_paver_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.infernal_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.infernal.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.jaded.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.jaded.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.jaded_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.jaded_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.jaded.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.jaded_paver_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.jaded_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.jaded.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.jaded_stone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Jaded Stone
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.logbook.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Logbook
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.manipulator.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.manipulator.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.metal.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.nether.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.nether.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.ore.*                                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.ore_magic.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.magic.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.ore_metal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.ore_metal_poor.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.poor.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.pearlized.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.pearlized.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.pearlized_brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pearlized Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.pearlized_double_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.pearlized.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.pearlized_paver_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pearlized Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.pearlized_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.pearlized.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.post_metal.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.post_metal_platform.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.quarried.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.quarried.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.quarried_brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quarried Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.quarried_double_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.quarried.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.quarried_paver_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Quarried Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.quarried_slab.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.quarried.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.quarried_stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Quarried Stone
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.red_nether.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.red.nether.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.reinforced_concrete.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.reinforced.concrete.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.ritual.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ritual.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.rock_crusher.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Rock Crusher
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.sandy.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.sandy.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.sandy_brick_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sandy Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.sandy_double_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.sandy.double.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.sandy_paver_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sandy Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.sandy_slab.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.sandy.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.signal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.signal_box.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.box.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.signal_dual.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.dual.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.steam.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.steam_oven.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Steam Oven
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.steam_turbine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Steam Turbine Housing
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_iron_gauge.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Gauge
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_iron_valve.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Valve
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_iron_wall.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Wall
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_steel_gauge.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Gauge
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_steel_valve.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Valve
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_steel_wall.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Wall
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_water.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Water Tank Siding
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_elevator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_abandoned.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_electric.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Electric Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_high_speed.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE High Speed Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_hs_electric.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE High Speed Electric Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_reinforced.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_strap_iron.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Strap Iron Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_force.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.force.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_outfitted.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.outfitted.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.trade_station.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trade Station
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.wire.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Charge Shunting Wire
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.worldlogic.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.worldspike.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.worldspike.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.worldspike_point.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Worldspike Point
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.generic_solid.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Generic Solid
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.generic_space.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Generic Space
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.maze_generator.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Maze Generator
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.spawn_script.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Script Block
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.structure_generator.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Structure Generator
fe.protection.trample.reccomplex.weighted_command_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawn_command.name
fe.protection.trample.redstonearsenal.storage.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.redstonearsenal.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.reforged.caltrop.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Caltrop
fe.protection.trample.searedladder.seared_ladder.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Seared Ladder
fe.protection.trample.statues.statue.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Statue
fe.protection.trample.stevescarts.blockactivator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Module Toggler
fe.protection.trample.stevescarts.blockadvdetector.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Detector Rail
fe.protection.trample.stevescarts.blockcargomanager.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cargo Manager
fe.protection.trample.stevescarts.blockcartassembler.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cart Assembler
fe.protection.trample.stevescarts.blockdetector.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockDetector.name
fe.protection.trample.stevescarts.blockdistributor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE External Distributor
fe.protection.trample.stevescarts.blockjunction.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Junction Rail
fe.protection.trample.stevescarts.blockliquidmanager.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Manager
fe.protection.trample.stevescarts.blockmetalstorage.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:BlockMetalStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.stevescarts.upgrade.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.SC2:upgrade.name
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.cable.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Inventory Cable
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.cable_breaker.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block Gate
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.cable_bud.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block Detector
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.cable_camouflage.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.cable_cluster.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.cable_input.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Receiver
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.cable_intake.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.cable_output.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Emitter
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.cable_relay.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.cable_sign.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sign Updater
fe.protection.trample.superfactorymanager.manager.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Machine Inventory Manager
fe.protection.trample.supersoundmuffler.sound_muffler.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Super Sound Muffler
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.blood.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.casting.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.channel.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.faucet.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Seared Faucet
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.glow.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glow
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.metal.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.milk.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE fluid.milk.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Clay
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_enderium.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.enderium.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.glass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_invar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.invar.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_iridium.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.iridium.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_lumium.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE fluid.lumium.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_platinum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.platinum.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_signalum.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE fluid.signalum.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tin
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.ore.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.punji.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.rack.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.soil.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Amber Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bricks
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Workbench Charger
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blue Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brown Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gray Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Green Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lime Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Orange Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pink Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Purple Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Crucible
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Air Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Water Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Order Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Earth Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Flux Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glimmer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sapping Field
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Static Field
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.empty.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Flesh
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.hole.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Runic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Warded Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Void Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Log
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Log
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Common Crate
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rare Crate
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Common Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Rare Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brass Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Black Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Brown Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Gray Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE White Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Barrier Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Research Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.spa.*                                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Spa
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Stabilizer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Rock
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Porous Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crusted Taint
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Swollen Taint
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Taint Geyser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Taintwood Log
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Rock
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube.*                                                   # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Valve
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Vis Battery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Vis Generator
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Void Siphon
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_greatwood.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_silverwood.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Arcane Door
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_door_thaumium.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Arcane Door
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_terraformer.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Terraformer
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_metal.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_silverwood.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.arcane_trapdoor_wood.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Arcane Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.bars.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.bars.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.button_arcane_stone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Button
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.button_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Button
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.button_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Button
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.capstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.capstone.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.crab_vent.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crusted Opening
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Lock
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.eldritch_lock_impetus.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Lock
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.fortified_glass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fortified Glass
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.fortified_glass_pane.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Fortified Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.glass_tube.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_creative.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_creative.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_diffuser.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Diffuser
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_drainer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Drainer
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_gate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Gate
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_generator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Generator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_matrix.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Matrix
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_matrix_base.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Matrix Base
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_mirror.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Mirror
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.impetus_relay.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Impetus Relay
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.item_grate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Item Grate
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.obelisk.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_arcane_stone.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_greatwood.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.pressure_plate_silverwood.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.rift_barrier.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.rift_feeder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Flux Inducer
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.rift_jar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rift in a Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.rift_monitor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Extradimensional Monitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.rift_mover_input.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Metaspatial Accumulator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.rift_mover_output.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Metaspatial Extruder
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.slab.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.slab_double.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.slab_double.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.stability_field_generator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Stability Field Generator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.stairs_ancient.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.stairs_eldritch_tile.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.starfield_glass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.starfield_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.strange_crystal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Strange Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.taint_flower.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Flower
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.temporary_light.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Casted Light
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.urn.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumicaugmentation.urn.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.vis_regenerator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Vis Regenerator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.void_recharge_pedestal.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Void Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_arcane_stone.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Arcane Button
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_greatwood.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Arcane Button
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.warded_button_silverwood.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Arcane Button
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.warded_chest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Warded Chest
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_arcane_stone.*            # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_greatwood.*               # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.thaumicaugmentation.warded_pressure_plate_silverwood.*              # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Arcane Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.thaumicenergistics.infusion_provider.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Infusion Provider
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.animation_tablet.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dynamism Tablet
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.dissimulation.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dissimulation Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.dummy_nitor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumictinkerer:dummy_nitor.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.enchantment_pillar.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Enchanting Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.example.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Placeholder Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.funnel.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.magnet.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.mob_magnet.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Corporeal Attractor
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.nitor_vapor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumictinkerer:nitor_vapor.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.osmotic_enchanter.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.repairer.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.transvector_dislocator.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Dislocator
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.transvector_interface.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.alkahest_vat.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Alkahest Vat
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.catalyzation_chamber.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.cinderpearl_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.coalescence_matrix.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Coalescence Matrix
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.coalescence_matrix_precursor.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Coalescence Matrix
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.creative_essentia_jar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Creative Essentia Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.dimensional_ripper.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Ripper
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.everburning_urn.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Everburning Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.fluid_quicksilver.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quicksilver
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.flux_capacitor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.flux_distiller.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Distiller
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.hexamite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hexamite
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.inspiration_engine.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Inspiration Engine
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.madness_engine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Madness Engine
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.meaty_orb.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Meaty Orb
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.meteorb.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Meteorb
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.ore_diviner.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ore Diviner
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.placeholder_adv_alch_construct.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.placeholder_arcane_stone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.placeholder_obsidian.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Catalyzation Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.placeholder_thaumium_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.placeholder_void_metal_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.portal_anchor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Portal Anchor
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.portal_generator.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Portal Generator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator_terminus.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accelerator Terminus
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.primordial_accelerator_tunnel.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accelerator Tunnel
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.primordial_accretion_chamber.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Primordial Accretion Chamber
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.shimmerleaf_crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.vishroom_crop.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.trample.thaumicwonders.void_beacon.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Void Beacon
fe.protection.trample.thaumtweaks.crafter.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Crafter
fe.protection.trample.thermalcultivation.soil.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalcultivation.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.thermaldynamics.duct_0.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.thermaldynamics.duct_16.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.thermaldynamics.duct_32.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.thermaldynamics.duct_48.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.thermaldynamics.duct_64.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermaldynamics.duct.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalexpansion.apparatus.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.apparatus.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalexpansion.cache.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cache.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalexpansion.cell.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.cell.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalexpansion.device.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.device.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalexpansion.dynamo.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.thermalexpansion.dynamo.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalexpansion.machine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.machine.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalexpansion.strongbox.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.strongbox.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalexpansion.tank.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalexpansion.tank.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.fluid_aerotheum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Zephyrean Aerotheum
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.fluid_crude_oil.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crude Oil
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.fluid_cryotheum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gelid Cryotheum
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.fluid_ender.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Resonant Ender
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.fluid_glowstone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Energized Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.fluid_mana.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Primal Mana
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.fluid_petrotheum.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Tectonic Petrotheum
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.fluid_pyrotheum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blazing Pyrotheum
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.fluid_redstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Destabilized Redstone
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.glass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.glass.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.glass_alloy.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.glass.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.ore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.ore_fluid.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.rockwool.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.rockwool.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.storage.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.storage_alloy.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.thermalfoundation.storage_resource.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thermalfoundation.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.torchmaster.dread_lamp.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dread Lamp
fe.protection.trample.torchmaster.feral_flare_lantern.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Feral Flare Lantern
fe.protection.trample.torchmaster.invisible_light.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.torchmaster.invisible_light.name
fe.protection.trample.torchmaster.mega_torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.torchmaster.mega_torch.name
fe.protection.trample.torchmaster.terrain_lighter.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Terrain Lighter
fe.protection.trample.translocators.craftinggrid.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Grid
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_corner_ne.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_corner_nw.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_corner_se.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_corner_sw.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_end_e.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_end_n.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_end_s.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_end_w.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_pillar.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_side_e.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_side_n.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_side_s.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.treechop.chopped_log_side_w.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.block_storage.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.canopy_button.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Button
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.canopy_door.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.CanopyDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.canopy_doubleslab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.canopy_fence.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Fence
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.canopy_gate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Gate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.canopy_planks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Planks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.canopy_plate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.canopy_slab.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.canopy_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.canopy_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Canopy Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_door.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Worn Castle Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cicada.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Log [NYI]
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_button.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Button
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.DarkDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_doubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Fence
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Gate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_planks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.firefly.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.force_field.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.hedge.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.iron_ladder.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ladder
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mangrove_button.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Button
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mangrove_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.MangroveDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mangrove_doubleslab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mangrove_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mangrove_gate.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Gate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mangrove_planks.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Planks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mangrove_plate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mangrove_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mangrove_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mangrove_trapdoor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mine_button.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Button
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mine_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.MineDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mine_doubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mine_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Fence
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mine_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Gate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mine_planks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Planks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mine_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mine_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mine_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.mine_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Minewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.root.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.slider.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.sort_button.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Button
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.sort_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.SortDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.sort_doubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.sort_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Fence
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.sort_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Gate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.sort_planks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.sort_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.sort_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.sort_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.sort_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sortingwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.stone_twist.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.StonePillar.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.stone_twist_thin.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.StonePillarThin.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stronghold Shield
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.terrorcotta_circle.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terrorcotta (Circular)
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.terrorcotta_diagonal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Terrorcotta (Diagonal)
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.thorns.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.time_button.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Button
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.time_door.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.TimeDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.time_doubleslab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.time_fence.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Fence
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.time_gate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Gate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.time_planks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Planks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.time_plate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.time_slab.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.time_stairs.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.time_trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Timewood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.tower_device.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trans_button.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Button
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trans_door.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.TransDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trans_doubleslab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trans_fence.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Fence
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trans_gate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Gate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trans_planks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trans_plate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trans_slab.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trans_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trans_trapdoor.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Transwood Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trollber.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trophy.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_oak_button.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Button
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_oak_door.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE item.twilightforest.TwilightOakDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_oak_doubleslab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_oak_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_oak_gate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Gate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_oak_planks.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Planks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_oak_plate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_oak_slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_oak_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Stairs
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_oak_trapdoor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.worldcontrol.extremereactormonitor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Extreme Reactor Monitor
fe.protection.trample.worldcontrol.howler_alarm.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Howler Alarm
fe.protection.trample.worldcontrol.ic2_reactor_monitor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE IC2 Thermal Monitor
fe.protection.trample.worldcontrol.ic2_remote_reactor_monitor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.worldcontrol.ic2_remote_reactor_monitor.name
fe.protection.trample.worldcontrol.industrial_alarm.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Alarm
fe.protection.trample.worldcontrol.info_panel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Basic Info Panel
fe.protection.trample.worldcontrol.info_panel_advanced.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.worldcontrol.worldcontrol:info_panel_advanced.name
fe.protection.trample.worldcontrol.info_panel_extender.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Basic Info Panel Extender
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.altar.*                                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.apothecary_cauldron.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.apothecary_mortar.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.fertile_lilypad.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.fertile_lilypad.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.interdiction_torch.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.pedestal.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.pedestal_passive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pedestal_passive.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.wraith_node.name
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.batterycomputerport.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Battery Computer Port
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.batterycontroller.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Battery Controller
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.batteryelectrode.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Battery Electrode
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.batteryglass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Battery Glass
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.batterypowertap.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE  Battery Power Tap
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.batterywall.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Battery Wall
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.blockgraphite.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Graphite
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.charcoalblock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.ecatalogue.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE E-Catalogue
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.nfcprogrammer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE NFC Programmer
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.nfcreader.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE NFC Reader
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.quarryfixer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Quarry Fixer
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.rfmeterblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE FU Meter
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.smartcardterminalblock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Smart Card Terminal [WIP]
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.sulfurblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Sulfur
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.sulfurousacid.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sulfurousacid.name
fe.protection.trample.zettaindustries.variableredstoneemitter.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Variable Redstone Emitter
